[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0030.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0032.md)



# 31・Dark Magic and Croquettes

The east gate is bustling with activity. Players, likely on their way to
level up, and merchant carriages carrying goods are passing by.  
  
"Listen, Earl. You're an orc. And a monster. If others see you, it'll be
troublesome, so keep that in mind."  
  
His expression was hidden by his hood, but Earl nodded. His body, over
two meters tall, is now wrapped in a black robe. He looks like a large,
black mass.  
  
This robe is one I used before. Since it's a game, equipment size
automatically adjusts to the wearer. Also, since he was only wearing a
loincloth, I put him in beginner's clothing. This should make him look a
little more human.  
  
I took Earl through the gate. He seems anxious, looking around
nervously.  
  
"Carry yourself with more confidence. You'll arouse suspicion
otherwise."  
  
A soldier standing at the gate was looking at us. Even if he doesn't
look like an orc, he does look suspicious. Heeding my advice, I managed
to get Earl, suppressing his nervous behavior, into the city.  
  
After walking for a while, Earl seems to have calmed down. He's even
enjoying the scenery.  
  
—GRRRR.  
  
What was that loud sound? I turned around in surprise to see Earl
clutching his stomach in embarrasment.  
  
"...That's right. I'm hungry so let's have something to eat."  
  
I was starting to feel hungry myself.  
  
I found a suitable bench and we sat down side-by-side. It's a two-seater
bench, but Earl is so big that it's a bit cramped. Niru is on the ground
because there's no space.  
  
Today I found a rice croquette stand and bought some. Taking a bite, the
outside is crispy, and a creamy cheese oozes out from inside the rice.
It's delicious.  
  
Earl is also devouring his as well. The rice croquettes seem small for
him; he can eat one in a single bite. But maybe because it was so tasty,
he's eating the second one slowly.  
  
"I bought a lot, so feel free to eat as many as you want."  
  
I took out the rest from my inventory. Earl looked at me as if he was
wondering if it was really okay for him to have them.  
  
"I expect you to work accordingly from now on."  
  
He flinched at those words but nodded and took another croquette. Niru
grabbed another one too.  
  
Niru is an owl, but he seems to be able to eat anything. Is it because
he's an in-game animal? No, he was originally a monster.  
  
Now that I've had my meal and a breather, let's do what I've been
putting off: checking my skills. It seems I can acquire branch skills,
so I opened my skill list.  
  
\[Dark Magic\]'s branch skills, \[Shadow Magic\] and \[Illusion Magic\],
and \[Wind Magic\]'s branch skills, \[Thunder Magic\] and \[Spatial
Magic\], have appeared. It seems that once you start one branch, you
can't choose the others. If you absolutely want to learn them, you have
to use other methods.  
  
Well, I'll choose \[Shadow Magic\] without hesitation. \[Illusion
Magic\] also interests me, but I was more interested in this one. \[Dark
Sorcery\] seems to have a lot of skills that require you to pay a price
to gain an ability.  
  
As I tried to acquire it, I noticed that because I have over twenty
skills, the required SP for acquisition has increased by 1. Furthermore,
an additional 1 SP is required for branch skills. Therefore, the SP
required to acquire \[Shadow Magic\] is 4.  
  
I paid the 4 SP and acquired \[Shadow Magic\]. The other branch skill,
\[Illusion Magic\], disappeared from the list. I'd like to acquire it
again if I have the chance, but if I acquire them all at once, I'll run
out of SP. I'll put off \[Thunder Magic\] and \[Spatial Magic\], the
branch skills of \[Wind Magic\], for now.  
  
I learned \[Drain\], the first spell of \[Shadow Magic\]. It's a skill
that absorbs the target's HP and restores my own HP.  
  
After that, I checked the skills that changed due to leveling up.
\[Magic Knowledge\] reached level 20, so I acquired something called
\[Double Casting\].  
  
It seems I can now chant two spells simultaneously. This is very useful.
Most of the \[Dark Magic\] spells take a long time to cast. So now I can
cast two spells at once.  
  
Next, there was a change in \[Summon: Familiar\]. The number of
familiars that can be summoned simultaneously has increased to two. I
only have Niru right now, so it doesn't matter much. That's about it for
skill checks.  
  
Well, the rest is... I guess I'll check on that sword. I opened my
inventory. I immediately found the item I was looking for.  
  
\[Greatsword Rex: The greatsword of Rex, a hero, one of the brave
warriors. This sword can only be wielded by the chosen one.\]  
  
It's the greatsword that the young boy had. It was lying there so I
picked it up.  
  
Apparently, it's a hero's greatsword. You can tell immediately when you
take it out. The scabbard's decoration and the feeling I get from the
sword itself shows it's no ordinary sword.  
  
"Ah, I can't pull it out."  
  
I tried to draw the sword from its scabbard, but no matter how hard I
pull, it won't come out. I thought it was because I wasn't wearing it,
but it seems I can't equip it. Only the chosen one can use it, after
all. A little disappointing.  
  
Perhaps if I had chosen \[Hero\] as my background, I could have used it.
But even if I could pull it out, it's a greatsword, so I wouldn't use
it. After all, I'm a witch. I want to use a staff… Is there a staff
version somewhere?  
  
I'll put the greatsword back into my inventory for now.  
  
"Oh, it's already this late. I have to log out."  
  
Earl tilted his head at my murmur. Come to think of it, what happens to
Earl while I'm logged out? Earl is my servant, but he's basically no
different from any other NPC. In other words, Earl will be alone while
I'm logged out.  
  
What about Niru? Niru is my familiar, so he's in an unsummoned state
while I'm logged out. Because he's unsummoned, he doesn't exist in the
world.  
  
Well… I can't leave Earl alone in the city. But letting him go outside
is also dangerous.  
  
"Let's get a room at an inn."  
  
Of course, I know where the inns are. I also know the cheapest one. I
think it's safer to have him in a private room at an inn than leaving
him unattended in the city.  
  
This game allows PK (TN: player killing, pvp) anywhere, so it's not
safe. In a way, it's quite realistic.  
  
The cheapest inn is 80G per night. Perhaps because it's cheap, the room
is small, with only a bed and a desk. Of course, meals are not
included.  
  
"I'm going out for a bit. Stay here until I get back, Earl."  
  
Earl nodded. Reassured by this, I pressed the logout button and left the
world.  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
  
Name: Chloe  
Race: Human  
Gender: Female  
  
\[Birth: Bradley Viscount House\]  
\[Background: Ran away from home and went on a journey\]  
  
LV20 Remaining SP 19  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Two-handed Staff LV20\]  
  
\[Magic Knowledge LV20\]\[Magic Power LV20\]  
  
\[Dark Magic LV20\]\[Shadow Magic LV1\]  
\[Wind Magic LV20\]\[Earth Magic LV8\]  
  
\[Moonlight LV13\]\[Rebellion LV11\]  
  
\[Summon: Familiar LV20\]\[Command LV14\]  
  
\[Night Vision LV20\]\[Taste LV17\]  
  
\[Appraisal: Plants LV19\]  
  
\[Gathering LV18\]\[Alchemy LV19\]\[Cooking LV1\]  
  
\[Poison Resistance LV9\]\[Paralysis Resistance LV9\]\[Sleep Resistance
LV8\]  
  
\[Language: Swaro Kingdom LV11\]  
  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Language: Heiss Region Language\]  
\[Status: Ente Kingdom, Bradley Viscount House\]  
  
\[Camping\]\[Local Knowledge\]  
  
Titles  
  
\[Savior of Berry Village\]  
  
  
Name: Niru  
Race: Familiar  
Gender: Male  
  
LV19  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Dark Wisdom LV19\]\[Dark Mist LV12\]  
\[Perception LV14\]\[Cold Gaze LV13\]  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Sage of the Forest\]\[Nocturnal\]  
  
  
Name: Earl  
Race: Orc  
Gender: Male  
  
\[Birth: Duo Region, East Forest\]  
\[Background: Born and raised as an orc\]  
\[Background: Became Chloe's servant\]  
  
LV14  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Data cannot be viewed\]  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Data cannot be viewed\]  
  
  
Basically, you can't see other people's skills. Therefore, Chloe can't
see Earl's skill information.  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0030.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0032.md)

