[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 29・Please Teach Me

The dishes before me were consommé soup and bread, and then pasta filled
with chunky meatballs. This was one of the more restrained dishes on a
menu mostly composed of meat.  
  
"This might be a bit too much…"  
  
A mountain of pasta, with tomato sauce flowing like magma. Meatballs,
rolling like volcanic bombs, far too large for a single bite. The
portion size far exceeded my usual meal. Consommé soup and bread alone
would have been fine, but that would have defeated the purpose of coming
to this restaurant.  
  
This is the restaurant I came to visit after hearing it was popular. I
think its name is DX Meat. It's the Dairode branch, apparently, but I
have no idea where the main branch is.  
  
I should have gathered more information about the restaurant before
coming…but it seems to taste good. I slowly raised my fork. It would be
impossible in real life, but I can eat this much right now.  
  
"I'm not ordering anything more."  
  
Niru was watching me from the table, his beautiful feathers stained with
meat juices.  
  
  
＊＊＊＊  
  
  
"Thank you very much!"  
  
Hearing the waiter's voice, I left the restaurant with a heavy feeling
in my stomach. Since this is a meal in a game world, I don't feel
physically full. But having eaten that much, I feel full emotionally.  
  
"But it was very delicious."  
  
Niru nodded his head in agreement. The food was truly delicious. The
flavorful tomato sauce coating the pasta was superb. The meatballs were
spicy and juicy. And it was all washed down with consommé soup infused
with the deliciousness of vegetables. I could have even made a meatball
sandwich with the freshly baked bread.  
  
The taste…well, it was slightly different from reality. Similar, but
subtly different. Still, it was delicious. I've thought this before, but
the system that creates this taste and allows us to experience it is
incredible.  
  
By the way, I got a 30-minute buff increasing my maximum HP and natural
recovery rate. Apparently, some dishes provide these kinds of effects.  
  
But even in a virtual world, I ate too much. I don't think I've ever
eaten this much in reality… Ah, I see. This food, while virtual, is not
fake. The taste was born from the data of an electronic program, but
there was no falsehood in it.  
  
While thinking about such things, I found myself walking towards the
main street.  
  
"What should we do now?"  
  
Since I ate a meal with buffs, I considered going outside. But after
getting attacked by bandits and killed by some unknown monster, I really
don't want to go outside for a while. But I can't level up if I don't go
outside. Since I had a dangerous experience, I want to level up a bit
more or become stronger…  
  
Ah, that's right. There's a place I've been meaning to go to. Let's go
there today. Using my previously non-functional \[Local Knowledge\]
skill, I headed towards my destination.  
  
Leaving the main street and walking down several alleyways, I saw a
large building. It was hidden in the shadows of the building, but this
is close to the starting square. Looking around, I can see some
beginner-looking players, some of whom are entering the building in
front of me.  
  
It's called the training facility. Apparently, major cities and starting
towns always have one. Newbie players are guided here to learn the
basics of combat. This is my first time using such a facility.  
  
Upon entering the building, there was a reception desk, and beyond it
was a large training ground. People were swinging swords at dummies,
firing magic, and shooting arrows. Some higher-level players were mixed
in, also practicing something.  
  
"Welcome, what can I do for you?"  
  
I wonder where the person I'm looking for is. Is it this receptionist?  
  
"Are you the skill master?"  
  
To get stronger, leveling up is necessary, but learning new skills is
also a step in that direction. So, I came to learn new skills. At first,
I didn't have language skills, so I couldn't go to lessons even if I
wanted to.  
  
"No. It seems you're looking for the skill master. What skill do you
want to learn?"  
"Well…I'd like to learn earth magic and cooking."  
  
I've wanted the \[Cooking\] skill for a while now. \[Earth Magic\] is
something I've been considering after reviewing my past battles. I feel
that I lack defense against enemy attacks. As a magic user, being frail
is unavoidable, but that being said, it's better than doing nothing.
\[Earth Magic\] has support spells that counter enemy attacks.  
  
"The chef in the nearby cafeteria teaches the cooking skill. For earth
magic, our skill master here can teach you."  
  
The receptionist guided me. Apparently, I can't learn cooking skills
here. I'll put that off and learn earth magic first.  
  
"Welcome! An aspiring magic user… or perhaps not."  
  
The earth magic skill master seems rather passionate.  
  
"No, I'm still an apprentice."  
  
I wouldn't call myself an apprentice, but I think I'm still at that
level.  
  
"I see. Well, you've come to learn magic. Whether you're an apprentice
or even a hero-level mage, I'll just teach you magic."  
  
With a slightly fervent smile, the skill master handed me a spellbook
called the Apprentice's Book.  
  
"It contains \[Sand Spear\], the basic earth magic spell. You can use it
even if you haven't learned earth magic yet, as long as you equip it.
Try it first, then decide whether or not to learn the skill."  
  
I see, so I can use it even without learning the skill. That's
convenient. Can I keep it?  
  
"It needs to be returned. If you want one, buy it."  
  
I guess so. Let's try equipping it. Sure enough, \[Sand Spear\] appears
in my skill list. But…  
  
"I can't use my other spells…"  
  
All the spells I had equipped in my skill slots are unusable. \[Shadow
Arrow\], \[Wind Cutter\], all of them.  
  
"Of course, that's what happens when you equip a spellbook. A spellbook
only allows you to cast the spells written in it. That's common
sense."  
  
Oh, I see… I thought it was convenient, but it's quite inconvenient.  
I decided to try \[Sand Spear\]. I moved to the training grounds and
stood before a wooden dummy. Niru seems uninterested, sleeping on the
head of a nearby dummy.  
  
\[Sand Spear\] has a three-second cast time. The cooldown is also three
seconds. \[Dark Magic\] has a slow cast time, while \[Wind Magic\] is
faster. Therefore, I chose \[Earth Magic\] because it has an average
cast time.  
  
After finishing the incantation, several spears made of sand appeared at
the dummy's feet. The dummy broke apart and disappeared.  
  
"Oops, sorry. It's a dummy for apprentices, so it breaks easily."  
  
Apparently, the dummy's HP is set low. I can't check the status because
Niru isn't awake.  
  
"That's enough."  
"What? You've only tried it once! Are you sure?"  
"The spellbook only has \[Sand Spear\], doesn't it? There's no point in
repeatedly using just the same spell again, it's better to learn earth
magic quickly."  
  
I can't use other \[Earth Magic\] spells, so trying it once is enough.  
  
"Well, if you say so. So, you're going to learn earth magic?"  
"Yes. But before that, can I see the apprentice books for other magic
types?"  
  
While I'm at it, I might as well try them all. I borrowed all the
spellbooks from the skill master. All of them only allow the use of
basic spells, and they all seem to have been made by the same person,
Lucille. Of course, I returned the books after I was done.  
  
"Now you can learn all the basic spells. You can learn everything, but
don't become a jack-of-all-trades, master of none."  
"I don't intend to."  
  
Basically, I'll be focusing on \[Dark Magic\], so I probably won't learn
everything.  
  
《The number of skills that can be acquired through certain actions has
increased》  
  
A system message appeared, so I opened the learnable skill list. As a
result of my actions, I can now learn the basic magic spells \[Fire
Magic\], \[Water Magic\], \[Earth Magic\], and \[Light Magic\]. I chose
\[Earth Magic\]. I spent 2 SP to learn it.  
  
Now I can use earth magic. Alright, let's go learn cooking skills.  
  
  
  
I left the training facility. The skill master who teaches cooking
skills is apparently in a nearby cafeteria.  
  
The cafeteria is across a small stream which you can reach by crossing a
bridge. This town has a river flowing from the mountains in the west.
There are bridges everywhere, and the one I'm crossing now is one of
them.  
There aren't many important facilities beyond this point, so there are
fewer people. There are no players in sight. A witch like me walking
among the residents. I stand out a bit.  
  
Among them, there's another person who stands out. They're only wearing
a wide-brimmed hat, and not really noticeable. However, they're fishing
from the bridge.  
  
"What're you staring at?"  
  
Noticing my gaze, the fisherman speaks. The fisherman is a man with
graying hair and a beard.  
  
Those words… They sound normal at first, but something about how this
person speaks sounds different from others. Could it be—  
  
"Excuse me. It's rare to see someone fishing here."  
"You…isn't that the language of the Ente Kingdom? Can you speak it?"  
"Yes, and it seems you can as well."  
  
This person seems to be able to speak \[Ente Kingdom Language\]. Ente
Kingdom language is a language used in the Heiss Region. As I have
\[Language: Heiss Regional Language\], I can speak the Ente Kingdom
language. Having been born into a viscount family in the Ente Kingdom,
it would be strange if I couldn't.  
  
"I never expected to meet someone who could speak it here."  
"That's what I was going to say. I'm glad. I still don't know the local
language. So it feels like it's been a while since I've spoken to
another human."  
  
The man, who gave a calm impression, smiled.  
  
"Learning a language is difficult, isn't it?"  
"Yes, you're right. I'm traveling, and I think that a lot. But you have
such an elegant way of speaking. Were you the daughter of some noble?"  
"You think so? It's probably just your imagination."  
  
Well, he's not wrong.  
Still, I wonder how he hears my words. He said I speak with a refined
manner.  
  
Chloe was a noble of the Ente Kingdom. I hope I can speak the Ente
Kingdom language in a refined manner… and that's how he felt,
apparently.  
  
I see, it seems that information can be judged based on language skills.
I also received information that this man's speech patterns are that of
a commoner.  
  
The fisherman seems to be a traveler. He said he arrived in this town a
few days ago. His journey must have been hard. It was unexpected to be
able to share the difficulty of not understanding the language. And in a
game, of all places.  
  
"The only thing I've been talking to lately is a cat...Speaking of
which…"  
  
Out of nowhere came a meowing sound. A black cat walked along the bridge
railing as if it were its own private path, swaying its tail.  
  
"Are you here for fish again?"  
  
The rough hands of the fisherman stroked the fluffy black head. The cat,
pleased by the petting, made a sweet sound—  
  
"A black cat."  
  
Hearing my voice, the black cat turned and ran away. It's no surprise
since I've chased it so much…  
  
"……What?"  
  
But the black cat looked back for a moment. The cat's eyes met mine, as
it proudly carried off the fish it had received.  
  
After that, I arrived at the cafeteria without incident and learned the
cooking skill. That brings my number of learned skills to 20.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

