[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 10・The Night Is My World

After finishing lunch in real life, I logged back in.  
  
First, let's remember my initial goals:  
  
\* Find and contract a familiar.  
\* Learn the language of this region.  
  
I was able to achieve both of these goals this time. Niru is my
familiar, of course. And although my language skills are still low
level, I've acquired some, so I can understand a little bit now.  
  
Speaking of which, I gained other skills: \[Moonlight\] and
\[Rebellion\]. I took those two as well.  
  
《You have acquired the skill \[Moonlight\]. Since you have more than
ten basic skills, your SP acquisition has increased.》  
  
…Oh? The SP required for \[Rebellion\] was 1, but now it's 2. It seems
that once you exceed ten skills, the SP required for subsequent skills
increases. Anyway, my SP increased, but I acquired \[Rebellion\] as
well.  
  
Well then, it's completely night now. Niru, who is supposed to be more
energetic than during the day, is… why are you sleeping? Niru is asleep
perched on the tip of my staff. It's night already, please wake up,
Niru!  
  
Oh well. For now, I'll go hunting. This time, I'll go in the opposite
direction of the \[Twilight Forest\], to the east of Dairode Town.
Apparently, monsters around my level appear there.  
  
Since I’m already at level 10, there's a death penalty. And from level
10 onwards, it's said that it gets harder to level up because you need
to gather more experience points, and enemy monsters are stronger.
Apparently, this is the first hurdle that beginners encounter in this
game. Everything up to level 10 is considered the tutorial.  
  
I've arrived in the eastern region. It's still grassland, but there are
some hills and differences in elevation. And in the distance I could see
what looked like a settlement made up of a few shabby buildings that
couldn't really be called houses. It seems to be a goblin village.  
  
Yes, humanoid monsters appear here. According to the strategy sites, it
seems there are goblin extermination requests available in a nearby
village. Well, I can't speak properly yet, so I'll pass that up. I think
my skill won't go up unless I talk… but it'll eventually increase
somehow.  
  
Fighting goblins might be good, but let's try hunting rats first. I can
see something moving in the darkness. Unfortunately, I don't have night
vision so I can't see it well, but it must be a \[Dairat\].  
  
"Niru, we're going to fight, so wake up."  
  
I woke up Niru, who had been sleeping even at night. I can't use my
staff otherwise. Upon waking, Niru opened his beak wide and yawned.  
  
"For now, please stay on that tree branch."  
  
He seemed annoyed by my instructions but flew to a nearby tree branch
and landed there. It doesn't seem like he's planning to sleep again.
Good. Since he’s up in a tree, Niru has a wider field of vision. The
effect of \[Forest Sage\] will be fully utilized.  
  
"Then, let's go."  
  
The rat moving in the darkness is very small. It's hard to see because
it's dark, so casting magic might be difficult. But I can just restrain
its movement. \[Dark Bind\] restrains enemies around me. It's a pain
that I can't target specific enemies, but it's easier since I don't need
to aim.  
  
The rat was bound by chains created by the power of darkness that
suddenly appeared. An HP bar also appeared above the rat thanks to
Niru's \[Forest Sage\] effect. It seems that there is also a surprise
effect. The rat can’t move for a while. And the effect of the chains
makes it easier to see its position.  
  
"\[Shadow Arrow\]"  
  
And I easily hit the rat with Shadow Arrow. Then, the rat's HP bar
disappeared in an instant, as if it had vanished.  
  
“…It's powerful, isn't it?”  
  
I couldn't help but mutter as I watched the disappearing rat and the
acquired item log. The rate at which its HP decreased was extraordinary.
This is probably due to various skill effects increasing my attack
power.  
  
\[Dark Magic\] used in a dark place, Niru's \[Dark Wisdom\]
strengthening Dark Magic, and \[Moonlight\] strengthening magic attack
power.  
  
If the enemy is higher level, the effect of \[Rebellion\] will be added,
and if it's a full moon, \[Moonlight\] will be further strengthened.
Dark magic, which already has high offensive power, was further
reinforced, so the firepower is probably too high for a level 10.  
  
Well, this is only possible because it's nighttime now. Except for
\[Rebellion\], other skills don’t really work as well at other times.  
  
"Plus, Niru is asleep."  
  
\[Dark Wisdom\] and \[Forest Sage\] are also difficult to activate since
Niru, who possesses them, sleeps during the day. Niru on the tree looks
sleepy again. He should have slept enough, but he's still sleeping.  
  
Completely night-specialized. But it's interesting in its own way. And
don't you think night suits a witch?  
  
"Come on, Niru. Let's go to the goblin settlement now!"  
  
I've become interested in trying out my new \[Dark Magic\] skill. Let's
go, let's go. After all, night is my, no, our time!  
  
  
We arrived at a goblin village…or rather, it's too small to be called a
village, just a tent. We watched from a little distance. Two goblins
with torches on guard, and three sleeping in a house-like structure made
of rags and branches. Five goblins in total.  
  
Goblins generally move in teams. Beginners tend to have trouble with
them. They'll use teamwork. And then, there's the brute force of
numbers. But that’s also…  
  
"It'll be fine if I can defeat them all in one blow."  
  
Niru looked at me as if wanting to say something. I have a feeling I
know what he wants to say.  
  
I could sneak up and cast magic. But I don't really like surprise
attacks. I did it with the rat earlier, but I'm not good at sneaky
things.  
  
"So let's go at it head on."  
  
I have Niru take to the sky above my head, and I approached the goblins,
stepping firmly on the ground.  
  
"Good evening, I'm sorry to bother you at this late hour."  
  
The goblins on guard are surprised to see me appear from the darkness.
Realizing I'm an enemy, one of them went to wake up the others. Soon
three more joined in, so five of them surrounded me.  
  
"I have no grudge against you. I haven't received any extermination
requests, but… please die for me (my experience points)."  
  
Even in this situation, let's smile calmly. I activated the \[Dark
Bind\] I had on standby, restraining the five goblins around me before
they can act.  
  
"Niru, Dark Mist."  
  
Niru, flying above, scattered Dark Mist. This inflicted the \[Darkness\]
effect on the goblins. I'll also use \[Wind Cutter\] to extinguish the
torches and campfire.  
  
I moved a little distance away and started casting. About ten seconds. I
made sure to aim carefully. The target is where the goblins are. The
restraint effect has worn off, but the darkness effect is still in
place. The goblins regained their vision and caught sight of me.  
  
"\[Dark Burst\]"  
  
But it's too late. The explosion of dark power sent the five goblins
flying. Their HP bars also vanished. The power is amazing after all.  
  
While receiving the gust of wind from the aftershock, I checked the
situation. The goblins have all disappeared, thanks to the
area-of-effect attack of \[Dark Burst\].  
  
Niru, who had been flying, returns and lands on my shoulder. I feel the
same kind of piercing gaze as before. It's because I didn't use a
surprise attack, but the fight wasn't exactly honorable, was it? Or is
it about this firepower?  
  
"Niru is also the reason for the overwhelming firepower."  
  
The hunt continues. Since Niru is in danger if he’s attacked, I have him
supporting me from a safe place like the sky. On the ground, I'm
unleashing \[Dark Burst\] on the goblins.  
  
"Let's go over there next."  
  
After fighting goblins a few times, I was about to unleash my \[Dark
Burst\] on another group. A light caught my eye from afar. This light
wasn’t from a torch or campfire. This dazzling light that shines into my
eyes is the rising sun.  
  
"Oh, that's bad."  
  
The power of Dark Burst is weakened by the morning sun. The effect of
\[Moonlight\] is also gone. As a result, the goblins, who I had been
defeating with one blow, still have HP remaining. \[Nocturnal\] Niru
enters sleep mode, and I no longer get any extra information.  
  
"W-wait!"  
  
Surrounded by about five goblins, unable to escape, I died and was sent
back to Dairode Town.  
  
“…That was my first death.”  
  
When I woke up, I found myself transported to the place I had registered
as my respawn point after death.  
  
This kind of experience is interesting too. I clearly remember my HP bar
being blown away. Ah, so the goblins also felt this way. Perhaps I was
punished for going too far. But I can only do this at night. I can't do
it during the day. Let's avoid daytime combat as much as possible.  
  
"Niru, are you alright?"  
  
Niru didn't answer. He’s asleep, perched on my shoulder.  
  
In the city bathed in the morning sun, various people were coming and
going. Occasionally, I could hear their conversations and understand a
little of the content. Everyone has their own life. Stories woven in
this world.  
  
—Somehow, I feel like I have a new goal.  
  
First of all, my equipment is almost at its limit. I need to get new
equipment. In the previous battle, my magic firepower was enough. But I
think I've reached the limit of my armor to protect myself. The goblins'
numbers are overwhelming, and a mage's defense is like paper, so no
matter how much I protect myself, it might not make a difference. But,
well, it's better than nothing.  
  
Next is role-playing. Since I've acquired language skills, I'll
eventually be able to speak perfectly. Once that happens, I'll have to
do proper role-playing. For that, I need to develop my Chloe character
setting properly.  
  
However, I need to log out for now. There's a death penalty, and it's a
good time to take a break until it's lifted. After dismissing Niru's
summon, I logged out.  
  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
Name: Chloe  
Race: Human  
Gender: Female  
  
\[Birth: Bradley Viscount House\]  
\[History: Ran away from home and set out on a journey\]  
  
LV11 Remaining SP: 18  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Two-Handed Staff LV9\]\[Dark Magic LV10\]\[Wind Magic LV10\]  
\[Magic Knowledge LV10\]\[Magic Power LV10\]\[Alchemy LV2\]  
\[Summon: Familiar LV5\]\[Command LV4\]  
\[Language: Swaro Kingdom LV2\]  
\[Moonlight LV2\]\[Rebellion LV2\]  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Language: Heiss Region Language\]\[Status: Ente Kingdom・Bradley
Viscount House\]  
\[Camping\]\[Local Knowledge\]  
  
  
Name: Niru  
Race: Familiar  
Gender: Male  
  
LV4  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Dark Wisdom LV3\]\[Dark Mist LV3\]  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Forest Sage\]\[Nocturnal\]  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

