[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0031.md)



# 30・Help On A Whim

I obtained a new spell, \[Earth Magic\]. Now that I have new magic, I
want to use it. I also want to level it up.  
  
The training ground only gives a tiny amount of experience points. So,
it's better to go out into the field and fight monsters. It's night
time, too.  
  
The problem is where to go. I don't want to go near the \[Twilight
Forest\] for a while. Also, the monsters there are troublesome if they
come in numbers. The monsters in the plains surrounding the city have
too much of a level difference, and they're not enough for a test run.
So this time, I decided to go to the East Forest near Berry Village.  
  
I headed east from Dairode Town. Oh, that's right. A new spell was added
to \[Wind Magic\] the other day, so I'll use that. The new spell is
\[Wind Step\].  
  
It slightly increases movement speed. Let's try walking with it on. Oh,
it's definitely faster than usual. The difference in speed is even more
noticeable when running.  
  
Soon I could see Berry Village, which I hadn't visited since the epic
quest the other day. If you continue further down the road, it'll take
you to the port town. Taking a path branching off from that road, I
arrived at the East Forest.  
  
It was night, and there was a fair number of people around. Were there
some in the woods as well, I wonder? I saw lights flickering here and
there.  
  
"Oops."  
  
... I thought that, but it seems that's not the case. A group carrying
torches appeared from the side. They weren't people, but orcs. I ran
into about four orcs.  
  
The orcs' faces, illuminated by the torchlight, were a little scary.
Encountering them in this forest at night is pure horror. My heart is
pounding. They each carry weapons.  
  
"I don't mind aggressive ones. It saves me the trouble of looking for
targets for my magic."  
  
I tried to smile eerily in the darkness. I hope it looks that way...
Maybe I should practice my expressions in a mirror sometime.  
  
But it seemed to have worked, as the orcs flinched slightly. My heart is
still pounding, though.  
  
I spent a while test-firing \[Earth Magic\] against the orcs. When I
reached level 5, I could use a spell called \[Earth Shield\], which
creates a wall of earth in front of me.  
It has a small amount of HP, and it seems to remain there until that HP
is gone or the duration expires.  
  
《Level increased to 20. SP increased by 2.》  
  
Oh, I leveled up. I finally reached level twenty!  
  
I'll keep hunting orcs like this for a while. Orcs are certainly tough,
but my firepower is high, so I can bring them to the brink of death with
one hit. Even after seeing this power, the orcs kept charging without
hesitation. I admire their spirit. Maybe they just have a simple brain
(AI) that causes them to attack anyone they see.  
  
However, there was one moment where an orc ran away during the battle.
I'm not heartless enough to chase after someone who runs away, so I let
them go. As for the orcs who fight back—  
  
"If you can withstand my magic, then try."  
  
I will fight with all my might... Oh, Niru? If it's Niru, he's sleeping
on a nearby branch. He fell asleep halfway through, perhaps because I
was so relaxed. But I can't see the enemy's stats, so do your job.  
  
《Dark Magic skill reached level 20. Branch skills can now be
acquired.》  
《Wind Magic skill reached level 20. Branch skills can now be
acquired.》  
  
Wait. Please wait a minute. A storm of system messages suddenly
appeared. Please stop, it's startling! It seems that there have been
changes to \[Magic Knowledge\] and \[Summon: Familiar\] as well, but
I'll check those later.  
  
Even though it's raining and I can't see the sky, it's already morning.
While I was unstoppable at night, I'm practically powerless during the
day. Let's head back to town quickly.  
  
I made my way through the Eastern Forest, which was gradually getting
brighter in the rain. I'm wearing a wide-brimmed pointed hat, so the hat
acts as an umbrella. That's why Niru, who's on my shoulder, isn't
getting wet at all. Perhaps because he doesn't have to worry about the
rain, he's sleeping soundly.  
  
"What's wrong?"  
  
Niru suddenly opened his eyes. I stopped walking, which was slightly
faster thanks to the \[Wind Step\] effect. Then I looked in the
direction of his gaze.  
  
"...An orc?"  
  
There was a single orc in front of me. He was under a tree, as if taking
shelter from the rain. No, he was probably hiding. The HP bar above the
orc's head is red, indicating he's near death.  
  
The orc must have noticed me too. He looked at me with large eyes. He
didn't run away. He just sat there and didn't move. His huge body is
trembling slightly, as if shivering from the cold.  
  
"...Rest assured. I won't unilaterally kill someone on the verge of
death who has no intention of fighting."  
  
Although I just defeated a large number of orcs. I just don't show mercy
to those who oppose me.  
  
Still, being near death means he must have been attacked by someone and
escaped. There might still be someone out there trying to finish off
this orc.  
  
Maybe I inflicted that wound… but I can't tell orcs apart, so I don't
know. More importantly, what should I do? Now that I've found him, I
can't just leave him alone. So…  
  
"Oh, dear. My hand slipped, and a potion fell."  
  
I said that with a smile. The orc looked at me in surprise.  
  
"There's nothing we can do about what we've already dropped. Shall we
give up and return to town, Niru?"  
  
I said that to Niru as I left the scene… Niru, what's with that
expression? Please stop looking at me with that warm gaze.  
  
The rain stopped and the sky cleared up. Walking across the dazzling
plain in the morning sun, I headed towards Dairode Town.  
  
"…………"  
  
The effect of \[Wind Step\] wore off. I'm wondering whether I should
reactivate it. Because if I do, he'll probably chase after me at full
speed.  
  
"...Why are you following me?"  
  
I said that, turning around. Even after leaving the forest and running
across the plain, the orc I saved earlier was following me from
behind.  
  
"If you want to thank me, you don't have to. It was just that my hand
slipped and the potion I dropped happened to land next to you."  
  
I said that and continued walking, but he's still following me.  
  
"I killed a lot of your companions."  
"…………"  
"Ah, perhaps it's revenge. Then I'll accept your challenge."  
  
I turned around and smirked. The orc shook his head violently as if
denying it. It seems I scared him.  
  
"Then what is it? A thank you?"  
  
The orc nodded slowly.  
  
"That's a lie. It took you a long time to nod. It doesn't seem like you
want to thank me."  
  
The orc flinched and trembled. Is this orc cowardly? He lacks the
ferocity of the orcs from earlier.  
  
His large eyes wandered restlessly.  
  
Every time I try to make eye contact, his gaze wanders. I ended up
circling the large orc to follow his gaze.  
  
"Hey, get away from that kid!"  
"Huh...?"  
  
As I'm wondering what to do, someone suddenly stepped between the orc
and me.  
  
"Are you alright?"  
  
It's a boy with a large greatsword. The boy was pointing the sword,
which looked like it was barely possible for him to hold, at the orc.  
  
"Now that I'm here, you're safe."  
"...Haa."  
  
Those words just slipped out. No, wait a minute. Did he think I was
being attacked by the orc?  
  
"You must have come to take this kid away. But you're unlucky. As long
as I'm here, the one chosen by this holy sword, I won't let that
happen!"  
  
His greatsword is certainly different from ordinary swords. A
transparent, glowing stone is embedded in the hilt; it's like a hero's
sword. Judging by his clothes, the boy is low-level. It's strange that
he has such a sword in his possession.  
  
The boy swung his sword at the orc. The orc should be stronger. Yet, he
took the blow and got hurt.  
  
"Damn it! Don't run!"  
  
The boy doesn't seem to be used to wielding the sword yet; he's swinging
it wildly. The earlier hit must have been a fluke. But the orc's
movements are also sluggish. No, the orc is just running away unarmed.
He might be defeated if this continues.  
  
"Stop it. That orc—"  
"I'll handle it. Just watch over there."  
  
The boy gave me a cocky smile and didn't stop. …I can't stand to watch
this.  
  
"...What!?"  
  
I cast \[Shadow Move\], my newly acquired \[Dark Magic\] spell. It's a
spell that allows me to move to any place with shadows within a
five-meter radius. Don't you think it's cool and romantic to move from
shadow to shadow?  
  
I used it to emerge from the orc's shadow. It probably looked like I
suddenly appeared in front of the boy, who was about to strike. The boy
hurriedly lowered his sword.  
  
"It's bad luck... No, it's your bad luck."  
"Eh, wha—wait a minute—!?"  
  
It's not so much bad luck as a misunderstanding. The boy took a hit from
the \[Shadow Arrow\] I cast.  
  
"Wh, Why…?"  
"Figure it out yourself."  
  
Because he targeted an unarmed opponent who didn't even try to fight
back. And he wouldn't listen.  
  
So I tried to stop him with a little magic, but apparently, my magic's
power was too high. I got a little carried away and accidentally killed
him. Even though it's morning now. I should have chosen \[Dark Bind\] if
I only wanted to stop him.  
  
The boy's remaining body was enveloped in light and disappeared. He
really should have noticed that the orc wasn't attacking me. ...Maybe he
thought I was running away because I was circling the orc.  
  
"An unnecessary interruption, but let's get back to the topic at hand.
…What do you want to do? You'll be attacked like before if you stay
here. This is near town, and more people will come soon."  
  
Once again, I asked as I threw another potion at him. The orc's eyes,
illuminated by the morning sun, looked at me. He was still scared of me,
and whenever I made eye contact with him he looked away. However, he was
looking at me more often than before.  
  
"Are you not going back to the forest?"  
  
He nodded.  
  
"...You don't want to go back to the forest?"  
  
He nodded again.  
  
"Then what will you do? If you don't want to go back to the forest,
where will you go—"  
  
He has nowhere to go.  
  
I don't know why he doesn't want to go back. But I have a vague idea why
he followed me. He had nowhere else to go, so he followed me after I
helped him.  
  
What should I do? Now I have a responsibility to help him. If I leave
him here like this, someone will probably defeat him like that boy tried
to do. If we had separated in the forest, I wouldn't have been too
worried if that happened without me knowing, but...  
  
"Haa… I've lost."  
  
I guess I've grown attached to him. I can't see this orc in the same
light as the orcs I used for experience points.  
  
Then what to do? Saving this orc is like making him a companion. I could
make him a familiar, but unfortunately, I can only have two familiars at
my current level. One is Niru, and I have plans for another one, so
there's no room left.  
  
Oh, that's right. I have something good.  
  
"I saved you twice. Do you want me to save you a third time?"  
  
I asked the orc and he nodded at my words.  
  
"Then will you become my servant? I was just looking for someone to take
care of me."  
  
Saying that, I took out a \[Servant Contract\] from my inventory. I
bought it before, but I didn't have anyone to sign a contract with, so
it had been gathering dust in my inventory. It seems this contract can
be used with anyone, not just humans.  
  
I opened the contract. It seems I can set various employment details.
Salary, working hours, regulations, etc. I can change them later, so
I'll set the salary to zero and working hours to unlimited for now. What
a black company.  
  
Then the names of the two contractors.  
  
"...What's your name? Tell me."  
  
He shook his head. When I asked if he didn't have a name, he nodded. It
seems he has no name. But without a name, we can't sign a contract.  
  
"Can I give you a name?"  
  
He nodded. Hmm, I suddenly have to decide this orc's name.  
  
"Then, Earl. Your name is Earl. Is that alright?"  
  
This time, he nodded happily… At first, I thought he had a scary face,
but he's starting to look quite cute.  
  
"Well then, Earl, you will work as my servant from now on. We'll decide
on the employment details later."  
  
When I pressed the confirmation button, the contract was completed. The
contract, enveloped in light, split into two, one in my hand and the
other in Earl's.  
  
The \[Servant Contract\] seems to be based on equality. There is no
coercive force, and it cannot be completed without the consent of the
other party. If either party wants to break the contract, the contract
can be terminated by destroying one of the pieces.  
  
This is probably intended to be used between players. To prevent
unilateral and coercive contracts and the resulting trouble.  
  
"...Since I saved you three times, please don't run away until you've
properly thanked me."  
  
It doesn't seem like Earl will run away, but I wanted to make sure. Earl
trembled and nodded repeatedly.  
  
  
…Now that I think about it, there was an item dropped near where the boy
fell. It looks exactly like the beautiful greatsword the boy had, but
it's probably just my imagination.  
  

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0031.md)

