[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0008.md)



# 7・First Familiar

After finishing breakfast, I logged back into SSO. It was early morning,
before sunrise. I planned to return to town and do some alchemy, but I
decided to hunt a little beforehand.  
  
Since it was still before sunrise, my dark magic was strengthened. I
thought I'd take a look at the \[Twilight Forest\]. I remember there's a
death penalty, but it doesn't apply to levels 10 and below. Even if I
die and respawn, it's no problem.  
  
I passed through the entrance and entered the forest a little. Gray
trees lined up, and thick green leaves covered the top. Because of this,
and because it was before sunrise, there was little light and the
darkness was deep.  
  
I cautiously entered the forest. As I continued walking... what was this
feeling? It felt like I was going straight, but the path was curving. I
see why it's called the "Forest of Illusion." The trees and darkness in
this forest make it hard to grasp the surrounding situation. Even if I
think I'm going straight, it seems that's not the case.  
  
How do I know that? Maybe because I have the \[Local Knowledge\] skill.
And because of my background bonus, I already know the entirety of this
forest. There's no way I can get lost.  
  
" ...What? I'm hungry?"  
  
When I opened the map and looked closely at my status, I noticed that I
was hungry. I had just had breakfast in real life, so I wasn't really
thinking about it.  
  
I found a suitable place to sit and quickly ate breakfast. The menu was,
naturally, grilled meat skewers. That was the only thing I had bought.  
  
"I should learn a cooking skill."  
  
Considering the future, it seems like a good idea. As I took a bite of
the meat, I heard a rustling sound from somewhere.  
  
"...An enemy at a time like this?"  
  
The moment I put away the meat and tried to take out my staff, the meat
in my hand disappeared. Something passed by and took it. I searched for
its shadow. A single owl up in a tree? No, it had very long ear-like
things, so it was closer to a great horned owl? In any case, it was big,
bigger than a real owl. It was eating the meat it had swiped from my
hand.  
  
"...Give it back. That's my meal."  
  
I didn't want to get that owl? Great horned owl? Let's call it an owl.
I'm not interested in taking back what it's eating so I could eat it.
But it's not a good feeling to have something stolen.  
I quietly held my staff. The owl, having finished eating, seemed to
notice my killing intent. It also took a fighting stance.  
...Now what should I do? It's a large bird. Like the bats on the plains,
it flies in the air, so it seems like using wind magic to knock it down
will be difficult.  
  
While I was thinking, it moved. It soared into the sky, and then
attacked with its talons as it approached in the darkness.  
I couldn't avoid it. I took the hit. Forty percent of my HP bar
disappeared. ...This is bad. I drank a beginner recovery potion. Bitter.
Now that I think about it, I read somewhere that potions are not
something to drink, but something to apply. My health was low, so I
recovered quickly. But potions have a cooldown. Thirty seconds. If I
receive a fatal injury during that time, I'll lose.  
  
However, it was difficult to land a hit. The owl is high up in the sky.
But I began chanting anyway. I'm not going to cast it yet. I'm just
completing the magic incantation and putting it into a \[standby\] mode.
Before, magic would fire immediately upon completion of the chant. But
thanks to \[Magic Knowledge\], I can keep it in standby without
activating it. It continues to consume MP while in standby, so I can't
do it forever.  
  
I sharpened my senses and prepared for the next attack.  
  
"There!"  
  
The \[Shadow Arrow\] I had put on standby hit the owl as it swooped
down. The effect of dark magic is enhanced in dark places. However, I
feel that it is more effective at night. ...But somehow it doesn't seem
to be working that well either way.  
  
"...What?"  
  
The owl flapped its wings and recovered its posture. Then it scattered a
large amount of black mist from its body. The surroundings were dyed
even darker. The \[Darkness\] status effect. ...It seems I was hit with
dark magic. It's probably a user of dark magic as well. Therefore, it
probably has a resistance to dark magic.  
  
"But I'm the same."  
  
It's certainly dark. But the effect wears off quickly. I'm also a dark
magic user. Talons extended from the dispersed black mist and I quickly
blocked it with \[Wind Cutter\]. A technique combining attack and
defense. It seems the owl's health was reduced by the wind blade.  
  
"...It seems this is more effective than dark magic."  
  
Even though dark magic is the most powerful magic, there are resistances
to it. So this is where wind magic comes in. Depending on the skill, new
techniques are added at level 5. The \[standby\] mode from \[Magic
Knowledge\] was a technique added at that time. Therefore, \[Dark
Magic\] and \[Wind Magic\] also have new techniques.  
  
The enemy escaped into the sky, and I used that time to cast another
spell and put it into standby.  
  
The black mist began to rise again. My vision was obscured, but it's no
problem. I fired \[Wind Cutter\] upwards. It caused the covering tree
branches and leaves to fall with a thud. Just then, the sun must have
risen. A dazzling light overflowed, and the power of the black mist, a
dark magic, weakened. The sudden light also surprised the owl; it flew
off but seemed to be unsteady, as if it couldn’t see. If it's going to
use a blinding technique, I'll have to use one too. Ah, I predicted this
situation beforehand, and I have a hood, so my eyes are fine.  
  
"\[Dark Bind\]"  
  
Taking advantage of that opening, I chanted and activated the \[Dark
Bind\], a \[Dark Magic\]. It’s a technique that restricts the actions of
nearby enemies and deals continuous damage. A dark wave-like effect
appeared centered on me. The owl was touched by the effect and bound by
purple chains.  
It's in a \[Bound\] state now. I’m not expecting any continuous damage.
Besides, the morning sun is shining on this spot, and the power of my
dark magic is weakened. The goal is purely the binding effect.  
  
"\[Air Shock\]"  
  
Among the \[Wind Magic\] spells, \[Air Shock\] is a spell that takes a
little longer to cast. However, its power is also a little higher. The
chant takes three seconds. That's around the time the binding effect
ends. But the owl couldn't avoid it. It received a shock as if it had
taken an air cannonball and its body hit a nearby tree. This caused a
fainting judgment.  
  
"Not yet."  
  
Yes, it's not over yet. Judging by the enemy's condition, I feel it
still has some health left. So, I threw in another \[Air Shock\]. I
don't have any more magic power, so I can't cast any more spells.  
  
The enemy remained down. ...The fact that it doesn't disappear means it
still has health left and wasn’t defeated. If I continue the fight, I’ll
probably lose...  
  
"...Ah."  
  
Then I remembered something. I've come this far. Even if it's a monster
from this forest, its health should be below half. — I read that when a
tamer tames a monster, it's done after reducing its health to below
half. The moment I realized this, I slowly approached the owl.  
  
"Hey, you stole my meal, right? Why not make amends with something other
than your death?"  
  
It's not an NPC, but a monster. It's a good opportunity to practice my
witch role-play by talking to it like this.  
  
"...Pay for this sin with your body. Become mine (my familiar)."  
  
That line was in the novel I read yesterday… Ah, just to be clear, it
wasn't anything shady, alright? But I wonder what kind of person I am to
do this to a food thief... While thinking this, I called up the
\[Contract\] skill from \[Summon: Familiar\].  
  
While I was somewhat ashamed of my actions, the contract was completed.
The owl that had collapsed in front of me disappeared, and instead the
words \[Twilight Owl\] appeared on the list of contracted familiars. It
seems that this is the monster's name.  
  
《Level increased to 10. SP increased by 2.》  
《Acquired new skills through certain actions.》  
  
...No drops. Well, that's probably because I made a contract. Since I
reached level 10, I’ll get a death penalty if I die and respawn. So
let's leave the skill check for later and quickly return to town.  
  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
Name: Chloe  
Race: Human  
Gender: Female  
  
\[Birth: Bradley Viscount House\]  
\[Background: Ran away from home and went on a journey\]  
  
LV10 Remaining SP 20  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Two-Handed Staff LV9\]\[Dark Magic LV10\]\[Wind Magic LV10\]  
\[Magic Knowledge LV10\]\[Magic Power LV10\]\[Alchemy LV1\]  
\[Summon: Familiar LV3\]\[Command LV2\]  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Language: Heiss Regional Language\]\[Status: Ente Kingdom, Bradley
Viscount House\]  
\[Camping\]\[Local Knowledge\]  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0008.md)

