[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0028.md)



# 27・Overcoming the Invisible Wall

The other day I was attacked by bandits, which was a terrible
experience. Well, walking alone in such a deserted place was practically
asking for it.  
  
But it looks like that worry will be over soon. Lately, fewer people
have been going in and out of the forest. It seems most players have
finished exploring and are moving on to the next area. The campsite at
the forest entrance is getting increasingly deserted. With no people,
meaning no prey, the bandits will probably leave this place as well.  
  
As for me… well, I intend to stay here for a while longer. I don't have
any particular goals for moving on to the next area. Besides, there are
still places here that I'm curious about and haven't explored yet.  
  
"Is something the matter, Niru?"  
  
Niru, who's perched on my shoulder, is looking at me. The way he's
glaring isn't very nice.  
  
"Let me guess what you want to say. You want to know why I'm still here,
right?"  
  
The forest, as always, is so dense it covers the sky. Naturally, we were
walking along a dimly lit animal path. And this is the western edge,
near the place where those bandits attacked me the other day. Or rather,
it's the exact spot.  
  
"Last time, I was interrupted, so I haven't gone past this western point
yet."  
  
That's right, I was trying to go further but couldn't last time. That's
why I came to this forest today. I was worried about being attacked by
bandits again, but maybe because fewer people are around now… or maybe I
just had bad luck last time. Today, I got here without any problems.  
  
Niru is still looking at me. His gaze is even harsher than before.  
  
"What's out there that's so important?"  
  
Of course, Niru can't answer that. He just shakes his head, as if to
say, "Don't go." But I'm curious. That's precisely why I'm curious.  
  
When you're told not to do something, you want to do it even more. When
you're told it's forbidden, you want to do it. You can't do that in real
life; breaking the rules isn't that easy. But where are we? In a game.
This is a game. And what's more…  
  
"I'm just too curious to leave it alone."  
  
There's no way Chloe would ignore this. My curiosity has been piqued,
and I can't stop myself… I'm curious too, after all.  
  
"So no matter what anyone says, I'm going—wha!?"  
  
As I was walking, I bumped into something. A dull thud echoed. I think I
hit my forehead, but my pain sensory perception was reduced so it didn't
hurt that much. If this were real life, it would definitely hurt. Unless
my pain receptors were dulled like this.  
  
"…A wall?"  
  
I reached out to the place I bumped into. Then I realized there was an
invisible wall-like thing there. It seems like it covers the whole area,
and it doesn't look like I can avoid it by going around.  
  
What is this wall? …Could this be outside the game field? As I said
before, this is a game. This forest where we are now is a virtual space
created by a 3D model. In other words, you can't go to places that
haven't been created, and there's nothing there. This might be the edge
of the game world and there might be nothing beyond this point.  
  
It's been a thing since old games, right? You think you can go further,
but you hit an invisible wall and can't. And whenever that happens, I
always think…  
  
"…Disappointing."  
  
I can see ahead. A dimly lit forest path that continues westward. But
although it seems to be there, it's not really there. There's nothing
beyond this point.  
  
"Let's go back…"  
  
When I said that to Niru, he seemed relieved and closed his eyes.  
  
—Why is he relieved?  
  
Niru has been telling me not to go because there's something ahead. But
there shouldn't be anything there. Beyond this transparent wall is the
edge of the field, an uncreated area. A place players shouldn't go.  
  
Why would he tell me not to go to a place where there's nothing? The
invisible wall would stop me regardless. Besides, Niru is like an NPC in
a game.  
  
Does Niru, an NPC, know the game's specifications? Even if he did,
there's no need to stop me because of the wall.  
  
So why did Niru stop me?  
  
"Niru, you were a monster who made this forest your home… What is it
that's out there?"  
  
—As a familiar spirit (NPC), what do you know?  
  
Niru knows. That means he must know what exists in this world, what is
there. If so, this isn't the edge of the field or an uncreated area, but
a place that exists.  
  
And Chloe wouldn't know such a thing. As an inhabitant of this world,
she wouldn't know the game's specifications.  
  
For her, there is something beyond this point. Even if it doesn't really
exist. Then I have to role-play that way.  
  
“I figured as much. There's something, isn't there, ahead?”  
  
Niru's feathers ruffled. Was my smile scary just now? Then it's perfect.
Making a sinister smile is quite difficult.  
  
I touched the invisible wall again. I need to check if this is really a
wall created by the developers of this world. If it's not that kind of
thing, then there must be a reason or meaning for its existence.  
  
"First, I need to investigate what kind of wall this is."  
  
But guess what? I've never actually closely examined a wall in real
life. Especially a transparent one. I've seen glass walls before, but…
this doesn't look like a glass wall.  
  
…Oh, I shouldn't be bringing in real-world concepts here. Let's think
about it in terms of this world. Only something like magic could create
a transparent wall. Considering that, is this a barrier?  
  
"It seems like a magical barrier, but I wonder what it is...huh, what is
it?"  
  
As I was investigating the barrier, a window suddenly appeared. A string
of information was displayed, so I read the text.  
  
*'???'s Magical Barrier: It has been enchanted with a magic spell to
repel people and provide protection, and it seems to have been stretched
across the entire western forest as if to hide something. It seems to be
an ancient technique and a highly advanced barrier; and only those who
understand it's a barrier and have knowledge of magic can perceive it.
It feels like there are some cracks in it.'*  
  
…I see. So it really was a magical barrier. This information was
apparently obtained through an information check using the \[Magical
Knowledge\] skill. My level is still low, so not all the information was
revealed, but at least I know what I wanted to know.  
  
Such a barrier is here. There's definitely something beyond this point.
The problem is how to get past it. I can't destroy this barrier.  
  
The information I got says this barrier is highly advanced. It also
covers the entire western area, so it's impossible for my level. But it
also said that there are some slight cracks.  
  
"Even if I can't destroy it, if there's a crack, I should be able to
widen it."  
  
I held my black staff and chanted a spell. I cast the strongest spell I
can use now, \[Dark Burst\]. A dark explosion erupted, and the shockwave
shook the nearby trees.  
  
As for the barrier itself, a crack appeared, spreading sparks. It's not
big, but it's big enough for a person to pass through.  
  
"Then, let's go."  
  
I stepped into the area beyond the barrier without hesitation. Niru,
having given up on stopping me, just watched where I was going with
sharp eyes.  
  

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0028.md)

