[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 8・Laid-Back Owl

I'm back. In Dairode Town. Ah, it's around 9 o'clock both in real life
and in the game. And it's a holiday. The town is bustling with people;
are they heading out to hunt? A wave of people is flowing out of the
town. But I've just finished hunting, so I'm walking in the opposite
direction. I arrived at the starting plaza. There seems to be a lot of
beginner players here; people who have just logged in are looking
around. The soldier NPC seems busy too.  
  
Let me sit on one of the benches in the plaza and organize the
information I've gathered.  
  
First of all, I can finally summon a familiar! Let's try summoning him.
Oh, what should I do? I can actually do something witch-like! All that
grass eating was worth it!  
  
"Appear! My familiar!"  
  
I shouted it out loud, getting carried away. The people around me can't
understand what I'm saying anyway. A magic circle appeared on the
ground, and light poured out from it. A few seconds later, the
\[Twilight Owl\], the food thief I fought earlier, appeared.  
  
Did he shrink? He seems smaller than before. His appearance is the same.
He has owl-like ear tufts that are longer than his body. When he flies,
they flutter. His feathers are gray mixed with white. The tips of his
ear tufts are slightly yellowish.  
  
After being summoned, he slowly opens his eyes, which had been closed.
Then he flew onto the top of my staff, which I'd leaned against the
bench, curled up, and closed his eyes again to sleep. He looks very
sleepy.  
  
"...Ah, is it because he's nocturnal?"  
  
I opened the familiar's status screen. He has the skill \[Nocturnal\].
It seems that he’s not good at daytime activities.  
  
"Name...what should I do?"  
  
There's a name input field at the top of the screen. Currently, his
species name is displayed, but it seems I can name him freely. When
coming up with a name like this, it makes you think. My name was already
decided, so that was easy, but... Hmm.  
  
"Well, how about Niru?"  
  
I say the name that came to mind. Hearing it, the familiar on my staff
opens his closed eyes and looks at me. But then he yawned and closed his
eyes again to sleep… Well, since he doesn't seem to object, let's name
him Niru. Input complete.  
  
"I look forward to working with you from now on, Niru."  
  
At my words, Niru nodded as if in reply, his eyes still closed. He’s
very laid-back.  
  

Let's check Niru's skills. He knows four skills: \[Dark Wisdom\],
\[Forest Sage\], \[Dark Mist\], and \[Nocturnal\]. \[Nocturnal\] is the
reason Niru is sleeping. This skill lowers his stats during the day but
increases them at night. \[Dark Mist\] is the black mist he used  when
fighting me. He can inflict the \[Darkness\] status ailment on
opponents.

  
\[Dark Wisdom\] seems to increase the summoner's dark magic attack power
and resistance. In other words, my dark magic is strengthened. Let's go
hunting again tonight and check the effect.  
  
\[Forest Sage\], I thought this might be causing the phenomenon I've
been experiencing since a moment ago. This skill seems to be able to see
information about opponents. When Niru opened his eyes, for a moment,
something like an HP bar appeared above other people. Now that Niru has
his eyes closed, I can't see anything. Because of the \[Nocturnal\]
skill, he sleeps with his eyes closed during the day, so I can't use it
during the day I guess.  
  
Now that I've checked Niru, let's check my own skills. I've reached
level 10. I have more spells available for \[Dark Magic\] and \[Wind
Magic\].  
  
\[Summon: Familiar\] is level 3. Why did it increase so much? Because I
made a contract with Niru? I don't really get it.  
  
The most confusing thing is that the level of \[Command\] has gone up.
That's strange; I don't remember giving any commands. But I did say to
Niru, "Become mine." Could that be the reason? I took it thinking I
might be able to use it to give instructions to my familiar, but it
seems that even something like that can increase the level.  
  
And \[Alchemy\] is still level 1. Well, I'll probably be using it more
from now on, so it should go up.  
  
Before that. After the battle with Niru, I gained access to more skills.
Let's check them first. I called up the acquirable skills list.
Previously, there was nothing, but now two skills have been added.  
  
\[Moonlight\] and \[Rebellion\]. Selecting a skill shows a detailed
description.  
  
\[Moonlight\]  
Enhances magical power with moonlight. Power varies depending on the
moon's phase. Magic recovery effect and magic attack power
enhancement.  
  
\[Rebellion\]  
Increases stats when fighting a higher-level opponent.  
  
Hmm. So \[Moonlight\] increases magic attack power when there's
moonlight. It's probably because I’m often active at night. With this,
combined with the effect of \[Dark Magic\], I’ll be even more
specialized in night battles.  
  
\[Rebellion\] is because the level of the monsters I've fought were all
at a higher level. Indeed, I challenged a Gray Rabbit Leader from level
1, fought a Night Bat… and even fought Niru in the \[Twilight Forest\],
where beginners don't normally go.  
  
Each costs 1 SP to acquire. Hmm. I'm hesitating whether to get them, but
I haven't acquired a language skill yet. I want to get the language
skill first. I'm sure I'll get it soon, so I'll hold off until then.  
  
That's the end of the check. Next, I want to use the \[Alchemy\]
skill.  
  
I took out the herbs I picked up and an alchemy kit from my item
storage. I’ll give it a shot. I ground the herbs. Crunch crunch. Then, I
put them in a pot and boiled them until they finished. A green liquid in
a bottle appeared from somewhere. It's called \[Beginner Recovery
Potion: ☆☆\].  
  
More than the joy of making it, I'm happy that the herb I ate and
identified was actually a medicinal herb. But just to be sure, I'll try
drinking the first potion I've made to check its effectiveness.  
  
"Bitter!"  
  
… I forgot. Potions are bitter. The liquid is so bitter that it leaves a
taste on your tongue. As a result of forcing down a mouthful, a recovery
effect appeared. It seems it's really a recovery potion.  
  
But it's strange. Why is the potion bitter? It was sweet when it was an
herb. Let's try eating it as an herb. It still tastes sweet. Let's try
eating it after grinding. It's still sweet. Next, let's try the boiled
version.  
  
"...Bitter."  
  
Apparently the change in taste is due to boiling it. Hmm. Can't I make
it into a sweeter tasting potion? It's fine even if I just pour it over
my food, in fact it saves the trouble of drinking. So I don't think the
taste matters, but a sweet taste would be nice.  
  
Well, for now, let's make potions. I'd like to solve the taste issue
later.  
I used the remaining herbs to make recovery potions. One for each herb.
There were some failures, but I made fifteen.  
  
  
I'm a little tired, so I stretched my legs. When I looked up, the
sunlight hit me. The sun has risen quite a bit, and it's already around
noon in-game time. ...I looked closely at the warning bar at the edge of
my vision, and it shows that my hunger is quite severe. Come to think of
it, I haven't eaten anything since Niru stole my food.  
  
So I took out some grilled meat skewers from my item storage. They’re
delicious as always. But after eating them like this, I'm starting to
get sick of them. Should I go to the market and look for some new
food?  
  
I feel like I’m being watched. Ah, I can see HP bars above the heads of
people passing by.  
  
"...Would you like some, Niru?"  
  
Looking next to me, Niru, perched on my staff, is staring intently at
the meat in my hand. I don't want it to be stolen again, so I took out
new meat from storage and place it on the bench. Niru, having jumped
onto the bench, held down the meat with his claws and gobbled it down.
His body is smaller now, but judging from my encounter with him, this
child might be a glutton.  
  
"○○○○○?"  
  
As I was eating and watching the scene, a pair of people who looked to
be beginner players walking through the square called out to me. They
were a male and female pair.  
  
"Um, what is it?"  
  
Hearing my voice, they were surprised. Yes, I'm sorry. I can't speak the
language of this place. They tried talking to me again, but I can’t
understand them at all. Oh, what should I do?  
  
It was at that moment. Niru pinched my clothes with his beak and tugged.
Looking in that direction, Niru tapped the meat with his beak. Then he
shook his head as if to point to the male-female pair. Could it be...?  
  
"...Could they be asking about this meat?"  
  
Niru nodded his head down. No way, but I showed the pair a map and tried
to explain the location with gestures. Then they smiled brightly,
thanked me, and headed towards the market.  
  
"Niru, you understand the local language of this region…"  
  
Actually, it was probably only natural since he was a monster from this
region. Without responding to my words, Niru continued eating.  
  
Just as we finished our meal, the pair sat down on a nearby bench with
grilled meat skewers in hand. Looks like Niru was right.  
  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
Name: Chloe  
Species: Human  
Gender: Female  
  
\[Birth: Bradley Viscount House\]  
\[History: Ran away from home and went on a journey\]  
  
LV10 Remaining SP 20  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Two-handed Staff LV9\], \[Dark Magic LV10\], \[Wind Magic LV10\]  
\[Magic Knowledge LV10\], \[Magic Power LV10\], \[Alchemy LV2\]  
\[Summon: Familiar LV3\], \[Command LV2\]  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Language: Hays Regional Language\], \[Status: Ente Kingdom Bradley
Viscount House\]  
\[Camping\], \[Local Knowledge\]  
  
  
Name: Niru  
Species: Familiar  
Gender: Male  
  
LV 1  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Dark Wisdom LV1\], \[Dark Mist LV1\]  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Forest Sage\], \[Nocturnal\]  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

