[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0024.md)



# 23・The Western Forest

"The exit to the mines is that way. Please be careful."  
  
I smiled at the person who bought the last potion and watched their back
disappear into the light of the setting sun. Since they were my last
customer, I couldn't help but show them the way. Well, I've
unintentionally shown the way several times before… but I felt obligated
to help them this time.  
  
Now then, I managed to sell all my large stock of potions in just two
days. I've got plenty of money now, so I won't be struggling for a
while.  
  
Hmm… now that I have some extra money, maybe I should eat something
delicious when I get back to town. I usually only eat at cheap food
stalls, so I'll try a restaurant for once. I saw a notice board the
other day that mentioned a restaurant with a reputation for its tasty
food in Dairode Town.  
  
"Niru, wouldn't it be nice to try some restaurant food instead of street
food for once?"  
  
Niru, who had been keeping his eyes closed, opened them, looked at me,
and nodded repeatedly… He seems quite interested.  
  
"Then let's head back towards town."  
  
I started walking towards the exit in the direction of Dairode. I'm
quite used to this forest. I already knew the terrain, and I've been
going in and out so much that there's no way I could get lost. In fact,
thanks to my \[Local Knowledge\] skill, I can almost feel the unique
characteristics of each location in the forest, even ones that aren't
shown on the map.  
  
"That's why I'm curious about the other side of the forest."  
  
I stopped walking and looked to the west side of the forest. As the
forest was enveloped in twilight, the darkness in the dark forest
deepened. However, the color of the shadows was so eerie that it made me
feel like there was more to it.  
  
This forest stretches across the entire southwestern part of Dairode
Town. Walking south through the forest leads to the exit to the Iru
Mines. If you go all the way west, you eventually reach a large mountain
and the forest ends there. The problem is the size of the forest to the
west.  
  
"Don't you think… the forest stretching out to the west is awfully vast,
Niru?"  
  
At my question, Niru opened his eyes. Looking at the map, the forest
spreads to the southwest. If you walk through the forest towards the
mines, you wouldn't go west. You can skip it. In fact, the players
conquering this forest start to thin out the closer to the west side you
get. At first, I thought there was no point in going since it wasn't
relevant to the conquest. I didn't go either, as there was no point in
going to the side where there were no customers, but...  
  
But what was this forest called? It was said to be the Forest of the
Dead, a place where people lose their sense of direction and end up
wandering through, unable to leave until they die.  
  
Even if you get lost, you'd go west, wouldn't you? Yet no one goes
there; no one has ever gotten lost there.  
  
...I'm curious. I'm really curious. However, it may just be that no one
has been there by chance, but I've never been to the west side. Also,
there seems to be a lake deep in the west according to the map, and that
also piques my interest.  
  
I've been through this forest quite a bit, but I've never really thought
about it before. Maybe I should go and take a quick look?  
  
"Niru? What's wrong?"  
  
I started walking a little towards the west. Then I noticed something
was wrong with Niru. Usually, he would sleep with his eyes closed day
and night, but since a while ago, he's been staring intently into the
depths of the forest, in the direction we're going.  
  
Then, upon meeting my gaze, he shook their head violently from side to
side.  
  
"Are you telling me not to go any further?"  
  
Before he could answer, Niru leapt off my shoulder. …At the same time, I
sensed something was wrong. I tightened my grip on my staff and called
out to my surroundings.  
  
"……Who's sneaking around there?"  
  
It wasn't so much that something strange happened, but rather that I
sensed the presence of people around me. They seem to be hiding in the
shadows of the bushes. People like this are rarely good.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0024.md)

