[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0005.md)



# 4・First Battle

Having decided on my goals, I'll start by defeating monsters and
leveling up.

To do that, I have to get away from this place where there are a lot of
players.

Ah, let's go toward that forest. On the map it's called the \[Twilight
Forest\].

I don't have a detailed map of the area beyond the \[Twilight Forest\].
It seems my background bonus benefits end here.

Beyond the forest, it vaguely says that going through the \[Iru Mines\]
leads to the \[Swaro Kingdom\]. Well, that doesn't really matter to me
as a beginner right now.

Then, near the forest entrance, a rabbit-like creature appeared before
me. It had dirty gray fur and sharp fangs. I say "rabbit-like" because
it looked like a cross between a rabbit and a dog. And it wasn't cute at
all. It's the same species as the monsters that were being defeated in
large numbers in the grassland earlier… except for one thing: it has a
horn on its forehead.

The rabbit looked at me. It bared its fangs, along with a sort of
hissing sound? Ah, it's identified me as an enemy.

I raised my staff. Umm, the magic I can use is \[Dark Magic\] and \[Wind
Magic\]. First, I'll cast the Dark Magic skill \[Shadow Arrow\].

Oh, no. It takes five seconds to complete the incantation. I'm gathering
shadows at the tip of my two-handed staff, but I can't fire yet.

"Wait! Whoa!"

In the meantime, the rabbit charged at me and I fell to the ground on my
butt.

"Huh? It didn't hurt that much?"

I instinctively put my hand on my stomach, but it wasn't very painful
considering the impact. I see, the pain-reducing function is working. I
quickly got back on my feet. The Shadow Arrow finished its incantation
while I was down, flying off in the wrong direction. I can't use it
again until the ten-second cooldown is over.

"...I have to hold out until then."

I looked at my health bar in the corner of my vision. Surprisingly, it
hasn't been reduced much. Probably thanks to the low level of the enemy
and the equipment I got as a birth bonus.

I raised my staff again. As a witch, I'd like to defeat the enemy with
magic, but…

"No choice then!"

I somehow evade the rabbit's next attack and brought my staff down on
its head. Bonk. Judging by the rabbit's reaction, I seem to have dealt
damage. It probably didn't have that much power since it's just a staff.
It's worrying that I can't see the enemy's health bar. I think there was
a skill to view enemy information, so I should get that later.

The rabbit charged again. The cooldown for my Shadow Arrow is over, but
I need to buy time for the five-second activation period.

"There!"

I pretended to swing my staff down but instead kicked up dirt from the
ground. The dirt landed perfectly on the rabbit's face. It seems to have
gotten dirt in its eyes, shaking its head. Now's my chance!

Immediately I raised my staff and activated the skill. Five seconds
later, the Shadow Arrow shot toward the target—but…

"Huh?"

The shadow arrow was very weak and droopy. It didn't look like it had
much power. As expected, it hit the rabbit, but it didn't have much
effect.

Before I could even begin to question it, the rabbit attacked again. I
can't use Shadow Arrow. So I'll use the \[Wind Magic\] spell, \[Wind
Cutter\]. This spell appeared as soon as I activated it. A sharp gust of
wind cut into the rabbit. But it didn’t seem very powerful. It's more
effective than the Shadow Arrow just now, but still.

"This is troublesome…"

I only have enough magic points left for one more spell. The rabbit, on
the other hand, still seems full of energy.

My attack methods are magic and staff strikes. Judging from the previous
attack, Dark Magic doesn't seem very useful; it consumes a lot of MP and
has a long cast time. On the other hand, Wind Magic is fast to activate
and recast, and its MP consumption is moderate, but its power is low.
The staff's power is out of the question. I don't have a decisive
attack. …But if there's a possibility, it would be Dark Magic.

I started running towards the forest. I'm not running away. I'm keeping
an eye on the rabbit chasing me while leading it to the place I'm
looking for.

"This should do."

Even though it was daytime, it was very dark in the forest and the
sunlight felt distant.

The rabbit came charging at me again. But there was a tree behind me. I
quickly dodged, and it ran straight into the tree, stabbing it with its
impressive horn on its forehead.

"Let's end this."

Standing before the rabbit desperately trying to pull out its horn, I
activated Shadow Arrow. Five seconds later, it fired powerfully at the
rabbit, which just pulled out its horn, piercing it. With that single
blow, the rabbit fell down and disappeared into particles of light after
a few seconds.

"Whew! It's over!"

When was the last time I moved my body so much? Or rather, I didn't
realize I could move my body this much. I'm surprised. I'm feeling quite
tired though.

Still, my guess was right. The reason why the Shadow Arrow was so weak
earlier seems to have been the sunlight. It's called Dark Magic for a
reason. It seems its power increases in the dark and weakens in places
with light like daytime. On the other hand, it seems that light magic is
half as powerful at night or in the dark.

Meanwhile, a system message appears.

《Acquired Gray Rabbit Fur x2》

《Acquired Gray Rabbit Leader's Horn》

《Level raised to 2. SP increased by 2.》

《Level raised to 3. SP increased by 2.》

Didn't I level up too much? Is the rabbit's name Gray Rabbit? No, before
that…leader…?

I have a lot to say, but I'm tired from the battle. Checking the time,
I've  been playing the game for about three hours now, so it's only
natural that I’m tired. Let's take a break for now. I'll put off
checking things later. With that, I pressed the logout button.

////////////////////

\[SSO Strategy Bulletin Board\]

\[Second Season\]This is the Real Second Story\[Part 2\]

1://Anonymous User 2

Welcome to SSO.

This bulletin board is for players who started in the second period.

Catch up and surpass the early starters!

～～～～～～～～～～～～～～

55://Anonymous Hero

Yes! I got Hero as my background! I'm the Hero!

\[Picture\]

56://Anonymous User 2

\>55 Liar

57://Anonymous User 2

\>55 Oh, congratulations. But you're the second Hero!

60://Anonymous Hero

\>56 I'm not lying! Look, there's a picture!

\>57 Wh…what…?

62://Anonymous User 2

\>60 It's better to go back to Part 1. He's the first Hero in the second
period.

63://Anonymous Hero 2

Whoa, it's true. So I'm the second one?

64://Anonymous User 2

\>63 Too bad. There are two in the early starter group too.

65://Anonymous User 2

\>63 There are two in the early starter group. You're the fourth.

66://Anonymous Hero 4

What exactly is Rare…?

69://Anonymous User 2

\>66 I forgot. There was a Hero who became a Demon Lord, so you're
actually the fifth.

72://Anonymous Hero 5

\>69 What did you do, Hero?!

75://Anonymous User 2

\>72 By the way, there seem to be four Demon Lords now, including that
fallen Hero, so good luck defeating them!

76://Anonymous Hero 5

\>75 Seriously? …Can I quit being Hero?

78://Anonymous User 2

\>72 There are probably more Heroes and Demon Lords that haven't been
confirmed. Well, do your best.

85://Anonymous User 2

More importantly, the Gray Rabbit Leader is strong, isn't it? Isn't the
Duo Region supposed to be for beginners?

87://Anonymous User 2

\>85 That thing only charges. I hate the bats at night more.

90://Anonymous User 2

\>85 I saw a girl who looked like a noble using a staff to beat one up a
while ago. I don't know if she defeated it afterwards though.

92://Anonymous User 2

\>90 A girl who looked like a noble? …Could that be the girl who was
speaking an unknown language in the starting plaza?

100://Anonymous User 2

\>92 I don't know. I wasn't there.

103://Anonymous User 2

\>92 I felt like that girl was an NPC for some quest, but is that wrong?

105://Anonymous User 2

\>103 I don't know. It's hard to tell NPCs and players apart in this
game…

106://Anonymous User 2

You guys, this is the general SSO board. If you want to talk more about
the Duo Region, go here.

\[Duo Region General Information Board Part 23\]

///////////////////

…So Hero isn't that rare after all. And there's a possibility of being
chosen as a Demon Lord, too?

Still, the Gray Rabbit Leader is pretty strong. I was probably able to
defeat it thanks to my equipment and the powerful Dark Magic.

But to think I was mistaken for an NPC… Well, that's understandable.
It's hard to tell them apart in this game. And my equipment isn't
beginner equipment.

Alright… I've eaten lunch, and I've looked at the bulletin board enough.
Let's get back to the game.

I put on my VR headset and dived into the world of SSO.

When I opened my eyes, it was the same place where I logged out. The
entrance to the \[Twilight Forest\]. The only difference is that the sun
had set and it’s night. In real life, it was 2 PM. It seems to be 8 PM
in-game time. It seems like the in-game time progresses faster than real
time.

I’m in trouble. Apparently, monsters in the fields are stronger at
night. I should have returned to town before logging out. But as someone
who possesses Dark Magic, maybe this is my moment. Besides, I'm aiming
to be a witch. It's standard for witches to be active at night.

Let's go to the plains for now. The people who were hunting there
earlier must have moved to a different place.

After walking a little from the \[Twilight Forest\], I arrived at the
Night Plains. It's such a large area, and even though it's just a plain
with nothing around, it's pitch black, so it seems like it would be easy
to get lost. But strangely, I don't seem to get lost. I somehow have a
sense of what's in that direction. It's probably thanks to the \[Local
Knowledge\] skill.

"...Whoa!"

I bumped into something while walking. Or should I say it bumped into
me? What suddenly appeared was mixed in the darkness and I couldn't see
it well. Only the rustling sound of something like flapping wings was
audible.

"Something's there."

I don't have a night vision skill, so I can't see anything at all. I got
attacked again without being able to see the enemy. My HP bar dropped by
30%.

"…A bat?"

The figure I briefly saw resembled a bat. Now what? The opponent is
flying. The area is only lit by moonlight, so I can't see much.

"First, let's drop it to the ground."

I activated the wind magic Wind Cutter. Wind blades flew all around.
This isn't an attack. The bat, losing its balance due to the wind
created by Wind Cutter, appeared from the darkness. It was probably
planning to attack me again. It flew towards me, flopping around.

"There!"

I swat it down like a fly with my staff. The bat fell to the ground and
I stomped on its wing with my foot.

"Now you can't escape."

I point my staff at the bat struggling to get away. Darkness was
gathering in front of me due to the \[Shadow Arrow\] incantation.
Attacking a flying opponent won't hit. And there's an incantation, so
it's impossible. So the quickest way was to restrain the enemy so that
it couldn't move.

"Ouch!?"

The bat I was holding back somehow bit into my shoe. Its fangs dug deep
into my shoe, the \[Bloodsucking\] message appeared, and my HP began to
decrease.

"Is this a last resort...?"

My HP was dropping faster than I expected. Almost half of it was gone in
a few seconds. But it was soon over. The Shadow Arrow incantation  was
complete, and it hit the bat at close range. It's night now. The Shadow
Arrow, unleashed at maximum power, even staggered me a little.

《Acquired Night Bat's Fang》

《Acquired Night Bat's Wing》

《Level raised to 4. SP increased by 2.》

It seems I defeated it. But to defeat it in one blow…Dark Magic is
amazing. I think the staff's bonus was also a factor.

My skill level seems to have increased too. I'll check that later.

For now, I need to recover my HP. If this continues, I'll probably end
up going back to town by death. I have a beginner potion in my
inventory, but I won't use it. HP recovers by resting. If I sit down on
the spot, after a while the \[Rest\] state will be displayed and my HP
will recover.

It takes about two minutes to get my HP to full. Resting outdoors takes
longer due to negative effects if you're not properly prepared. But I
have the \[Camping\] skill, so I'm not affected.

"The effects of birth and background have good and bad points."

The skills I acquired from my background are \[Local Knowledge\] and
\[Camping\]. It was the culprit behind my teleportation to a place where
I couldn't understand the language, but now it's helping me.

My health is full, so I got up to head towards the town. At that moment,
a warning appeared in the edge of my vision.

"…Hunger state"

Oh no. I forgot, but this game has a hunger system. If you don't eat for
a certain amount of time, your overall abilities decrease. I don't have
any food with me right now.

Let's hurry back. Making full use of my Local Knowledge skill, I chose
the shortest route and headed towards the city. I ended up fighting bats
and rabbits along the way. I avoided the fights I could avoid, and by
the time I finally got to the town, the sun had risen.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0005.md)

