[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 32・Sleeping Steak

I logged in earlier than usual today. Because I was worried about
Earl.  
  
"……Earl's not here."  
  
There was no one in the room. His massive form was nowhere to be seen.  
  
"Niru, it's an emergency! Earl's missing!"  
  
Niru, after being summoned, yawned sleepily. Then, he started to fall
back asleep, burying himself in the fluffy bed sheets.  
  
"Seriously…"  
  
Ignoring Niru, I tried to figure out where Earl had gone. He shouldn't
have had anywhere to go. So where did he go?  
  
"What's this?"  
  
I noticed the minimap in the corner of my vision. Two markers
representing me and Niru. And there was a marker outside the room. I
instinctively looked out the window.  
  
"There he is. Niru, let's go."  
  
I opened the door and went outside. As I stepped into the hallway, Niru
flew onto my shoulder.  
  
I took Niru with me and went out the back door of the inn. There were
sheets drying in the wind.  
  
"Yes, this is the last one!"  
  
A girl holding a large sheet in both hands. A large figure in a robe
took the sheet from her with a large hand, continuing to hang the sheets
out to dry.  
  
"Thank you for helping me, onii-san!"  
  
The girl, carrying her empty laundry basket, returned to the inn,
passing us. Earl waved slowly as she left.  
  
"I was looking for you, Earl."  
  
Relieved by the sight, I called out to him. Then, Earl finally seemed to
notice me approaching and he flinched.  
  
"I was surprised. I told you to stay in the room, but you weren't
there."  
  
Earl looked uneasy and his eyes wandered. He was fidgeting with his
hands.  
  
"Please be careful while you're in this town as it's dangerous to travel
alone."  
  
Because he's an orc, if he's seen by people, he might be attacked. That
girl earlier might not have noticed, but if she had realized his true
nature, she might have told an adult. Earl hung his head dejectedly.  
  
"Well, since you had a reason this time, it's alright."  
  
I offered a small smile. He was helping that girl, wasn't he?  
  
"What are you doing? Let's go eat breakfast."  
  
I called out to him after walking for a while because Earl wasn't
following. Then, I heard the sound of Earl running up from behind,
flustered.  
  
  
＊＊＊＊＊  
  
  
Now then, breakfast. I thought I'd go out to buy something, but I have
cooking skills. I've already acquired them, so I have no choice but to
use them.  
  
I went back to my room and prepared to make breakfast. I took out the
beginner's cooking kit I just bought. Actually, I bought an intermediate
one too. Miranda-san is really good at business; thanks to her, I'm
broke again.  
  
With this, I can make simple dishes. Specifically, dishes that use one
or two ingredients.  
  
What should I make? I looked through my inventory to find something I
can use as ingredients. Hmm, I have about fifty orc-related drops, but
they can't be used as ingredients.  
  
Paralyzing mushrooms, poison spider legs, deer meat… I got these items
from monsters I defeated while selling potions in the \[Twilight
Forest\]. Hmm, the deer meat might work.  
  
I took out the deer meat from my inventory. The meat looks fresh. I cut
it up and simply pan-fried it.  
  
It's a simple process, but it's fun. Ah, speaking of which, it's been
years since I made a dish like this. Lately, things have become so
convenient, I've just been relying on microwaves and other machines.  
  
And the \[Deer Steak\] is done. It doesn't suit breakfast, but
considering real-world time, it would be dinner. Of course, there are
portions for Niru and Earl too.  
  
"Let's eat."  
  
It's just pan-fried, but it smells delicious. The appearance is perfect.
I took a bite.  
  
"It's just pan-fried, but it's…"  
  
…But a status ailment icon appeared at the edge of my vision.  
  
Niru was asleep, and Earl also fell down as if asleep.  
Ah, come to think of it, that wasn't an ordinary deer, it was a
\[Twilight Deer\], a troublesome monster that puts its opponents to
sleep. That's why I tried to avoid encountering them. Because, as a solo
player, if I fall asleep, I won't be able to do anything.  
  
Yes, like now.  
  
My vision goes dark. I've fallen asleep. Even with \[Sleep Resistance\],
it seems I'll be like this for five seconds. My character (Chloe) has
fallen asleep, but it doesn't have any effect on me, the player. So I
just have to wait for the effect to wear off while staring at this dark
screen. It's a good thing this wasn't during a battle.  
  
Five seconds pass, and the status ailment disappears. Niru and Earl are
still asleep. They don't have resistance, so the effect doesn't seem to
have worn off.  
  
"Both of you, wake up."  
  
Earl woke up when I shook him. The sleep effect itself was low level, so
it seems they wake up if someone shakes them. If it were the hypnosis
from the original \[Twilight Deer\], it wouldn't be this easy.  
  
"Hey, Niru too."  
  
Niru woke up too, but then fell asleep again. The status ailment should
have ended. Well, I'll leave him alone.  
  
Still, I never thought I'd fall asleep from my first cooked meal. The
deer meat I used was bad. But I'm pretty sure the cursed stone on the
deer's antlers was what was causing the hypnosis...  
  
Ah, the taste is okay. Since it was just pan-fried, it feels a bit
lacking.  
  
"Uncle's grilled meat skewers are delicious, though."  
  
I had some skewers of grilled meat left in my inventory. I took a bite.
This one is definitely more delicious. Is it because the meat is
different, or is the grilling better? The spices used might also have
something to do with it.  
  
"Spices…"  
  
I opened my inventory. I think I have a lot of herbs.  
  
"Something that can remove the sleep effect, and can also act as a
spice…"  
  
I stared at my inventory while recalling the taste of the \[Deer
Steak\]. Then I taste-tested the weeds that were separated out.  
  
"This is it."  
  
I found an herb with a spicy taste. Is it because of my \[Taste\] skill?
I can tell that if I use it, it'll taste good. Still, what kind of plant
is this? I tried to appraise it… Failure. My level is still…  
  
《Appraisal skill has reached level 20》  
  
Ah, apparently, my actions just now leveled me up to 20. Thanks to that,
the things that were previously recognized as weeds have changed. The
same is true of the herb-like thing I'm holding now.  
  
The name is Red Grass, a thin-leafed, red herb. This time, I'll make it
using the leftover deer meat and Red Grass. The first try was a failure,
it was completely burnt. The second time was successful.  
  
\[Red Grass and Deer Steak\] is complete. I took a bite. Yes, it's good.
The spicy taste complements the deer meat well. And there are no status
ailments so far.  
  
"Will you two eat?"  
  
Niru and Earl shook their heads. It's okay, this time you won't fall
asleep.  
  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
Name: Chloe  
Race: Human  
Gender: Female  
  
\[Birth: Bradley Viscount House\]  
\[History: Ran away from home and went on a journey\]  
  
LV20 Remaining SP19  
  
Basic Skills  
  
\[Two-Handed Staff LV20\]  
  
\[Magic Knowledge LV20\]\[Mana LV20\]  
  
\[Dark Magic LV20\]\[Shadow Magic LV1\]  
\[Wind Magic LV20\]\[Earth Magic LV8\]  
  
\[Moonlight LV13\]\[Rebellion LV11\]  
  
\[Summon: Familiar LV20\]\[Command LV14\]  
  
\[Night Vision LV20\]\[Taste LV20\]  
  
\[Appraisal: Plants LV20\]  
  
\[Gathering LV18\]\[Alchemy LV19\]\[Cooking LV5\]  
  
\[Poison Resistance LV9\]\[Paralysis Resistance LV9\]\[Sleep Resistance
LV10\]  
  
\[Language: Swaro Kingdom LV11\]  
  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Language: Heiss Regional Language\]  
\[Status: Ente Kingdom・Bradley Viscount House\]  
  
\[Camping\]\[Local Knowledge\]  
  
Titles  
  
\[Savior of Berry Village\]  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: [Dark Sorcery] renamed to [Shadow Magic]

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

