[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0004.md)


# 3・Language Barrier

The white field of vision gradually took on color.

I began to hear the voices of people.

When I became fully aware, I found myself alone in a large square.

Looking around, I saw blue, clear skies and rows of houses with brown
roofs and whitewashed walls. It's an old-fashioned townscape that felt
steeped in history.

But more importantly, where am I? I understand this is my randomly
assigned starting location based on my character background. To check my
location, I called up the menu and the map, following the instructions I
had received beforehand.

\[Duo Region/Dairode Town, Starting Square\]

It seems Dairode Town is located in the eastern region of Duo.
Incidentally, the Heiss Region, where the viscount's house is located,
seems to be west of here, beyond the mountains.

My hometown is far away… Did you really come all the way over the
mountains, Chloe?

I instinctively looked westward and saw a snow-capped mountain.

I'd like to go back to my hometown someday. Though, considering I ran
away from home, my family's reaction probably won't be pleasant.

Now then, what should this runaway child—no, \*I\*—do?

As I looked around, I noticed a soldier standing at the edge of the
square. He was saying something, but I couldn't understand him.

Several people who seemed to be beginner players were gathered around
him.

Ummm... Ah, I see. I think beginner-level extermination requests can be
accepted there, right?

That soldier might be an NPC \[Non-Player Character\] who gives quests.

However, I can't tell the difference between NPCs and players.

In other games, there are distinguishing marks that make it easy to
tell, but that doesn’t seem to be the case in SSO.

Still, if I try, I can probably tell the difference. Just like the scene
right now where a group of beginner players are swarming around a single
soldier.

I thought to myself, "Maybe I should accept the quest too," so I
approached the soldier.

"...Excuse me."

Ah, I spoke in my usual tone… That's right, I'm a role-player. I'm
forgetful, but I must not forget this. That's why I must properly act as
a witch from now on.

So, while acting as the witch I had in mind, I called out to the
soldier… but not only the soldier, but for some reason, all the players
there showed surprised expressions.

Was my acting that strange?

In the midst of this, the soldier spoke to me.

"□□□□?"

…What did he say? My hearing shouldn't be that bad yet… Besides, this is
a VR game, so the VR device sends information directly to the brain, so
that's impossible.

"Excuse me, could you say that again…?"

"△△△?"

"○○○○○?"

What should I do? I can't understand what the people who seem to be
players around me are saying.

Before that, why were all the people I thought were beginner players
like me all less well equipped than me?

Somehow, more and more attention was being drawn to me… Alright, I'm
getting out of here!

I escaped the encirclement that was beginning to take hold and fled the
square at full speed.

What's going on? Why can't I understand anyone? Ah, could it be!?

After escaping the square and hiding in the shadow of a building, a
thought occurred to me so I called up the menu again, this time bringing
up the skill list.

There it was, \[Language: Heiss Dialect\].

It seems this is a skill acquired when mastering the language used in
Heiss Region.

...Now, straight away, here's a question.

Where am I now?

The correct answer is the Duo Region, not Heiss Region.

And the only language skill I—no, Chloe—can use is the Heiss Dialect.

In other words……

"I can't understand anyone…"

I never expected this to happen… Was it a bad idea to draw the career
runaway on top of the fact that my birth was fixed due to being a
Viscount?

Choosing to be a noble might have been a mistake.

Since this is the Duo Region, the status of a viscount's family from a
distant province is meaningless. A waste of a treasure.

And Chloe, how did you manage to get to this town when you can’t speak
the language?

But if you think about it, it's a minor issue.

It's fine if I can't understand the language. I only have one thing to
do.

Becoming a witch. That's all there is to it. So it doesn't matter if I
can't understand the language… yeah.

Let's go outside for now. Even if I’m in this town, I won’t be able to
understand anyone.

Walking down the main street, I slipped through an open gate and left
the town.

 A flat grassland stretched out before me, and I could see other
second-season players hunting monsters.

I guess everyone accepted the quest—how nice, being able to communicate
with each other…

…I'll keep my envy in check.

I need to hunt monsters too. Even if I don't accept quests, it will help
me level up.

However, today is the first day for the second season, so there are a
lot of players on the plains.

Although the starting positions chosen by players are supposed to be
random, judging from this scene, there seemed to be quite a few
beginners in this town. That's why there were fights going on here and
there over monsters.

I should go a little further away. But not too far from the town.

Before that, I should prepare for battle since I’m already outside. I
checked my belongings.

Hmm... something's strange. I noticed something while looking at the
equipment I was wearing.

The entire set of equipment is lined up in the item column.

\[Beginner's Clothes: Defense +1: Clothing worn by beginners. Better
than nothing.\]

\[Beginner's Staff: Magic Attack +1: A staff for beginner magic users to
learn basic movements.\]

Judging by the names, they must be clothes and weapons that beginners
are equipped with from the start. However, these are in the item list.
They aren't currently equipped. The equipment I'm wearing now is
completely different.

\[Noble Lady's Dress: Defense +5, Magic Defense +5: A one-of-a-kind item
made for a lady. Made using magical cloth, it's not designed for combat,
but its performance is better than ordinary armor.\]

\[Traveler's Staff: Magic Attack +3: A staff belonging to a wandering
traveler. It not only functions as a staff, but also assists with
magic.\]

…My birth and background bonuses, you guys! I never thought it would
affect my belongings as well.

Certainly, a viscount's daughter wouldn't wear cheap clothes. But Chloe,
you should have chosen traveler's clothes. I guess this is the result of
the bonuses from her birth and career clashing.

But this explains why my equipment is different from other beginners.
There are probably other players experiencing this too.

I was thinking earlier that I shouldn't have chosen it, but with a bonus
like this, maybe it's okay?

No, still, not being able to speak the language… I should aim to acquire
this region's language skill as soon as possible.

Anyway, I've finished checking my equipment. I'm using a staff, in my
case a two-handed staff, so it's a very long one. I'm going to hold it
and activate a certain skill.

Yes, summoning skills. The summoning skill I know is \[Familiar\].
Compared to other summoning methods, Familiar is a skill that focuses on
supporting the summoner. That's why most of the familiars that can be
summoned cannot fight.

Isn't it fitting magic for a witch to use? There's no way I wouldn't
know such perfect magic, and no way I wouldn't use it.

"Come forth, my familiar."

Don't forget the witchy role. I am, after all, a role-player. Just… a
little bit of spice.

…Whether my familiar knows about my efforts at witch role-playing or
not, my familiar hasn’t come. Why?

Surely it’s not because you can't understand me either, familiar?

That's what I thought, but it seems the cause was something else. The
system message said "You currently have no contracted familiars." It
seemed that this summoning technique couldn't be used without first
making a contract with a familiar. Damn.

I feel like my immediate goals have been decided.

\* Find a familiar and make a contract with it.

\* Learn the language of this region.

I don't think this has anything to do with witches. Especially the
language. I have a long way to go in becoming the ideal witch...


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

