[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 28・In the White Forest

As soon as I stepped inside and walked a little, the atmosphere of the
forest changed drastically. The west seemed even darker, as expected. It
was still dark, but the plants and trees around seemed to have lost
their color, changing from a deep green to a grayish hue. A white fog
even appeared.  
  
"I thought it was a dark forest...but now it's a white forest."  
  
Wait, wasn't this forest called the \[Twilight Forest\]? Maybe it should
be renamed. While thinking this, I walked on. Niru, perched on my
shoulder, had been fidgeting and looking around restlessly.  
  
Then, as if urging me to return immediately, he repeatedly turned his
head 180 degrees, pointing behind us.  
  
"Don't worry so much. I'll turn back as soon as I've finished checking
what's ahead...even though there's white fog, I won't get lost—"  
  
I was about to say that, but I realized something. Until now, I knew
which direction to go, what was there, and where the exit was. But now,
I can't readily recall that information. Even looking to the right, I
don't know what lies beyond the white mist. Looking left and pushing
aside the white trees, I don't know if there's an exit there either.  
  
"You're kidding."  
  
I instinctively opened my map. Then I noticed it. The opened map was
completely black, only displaying "No Data" in white text. My \[Local
Knowledge\] skill wasn't working.  
  
"That's a problem."  
  
I thought I knew this forest like the back of my hand, but apparently
not.  
  
"I should have listened to your warning."  
  
Niru shook his head from side to side as if sighing.  
  
So, what should I do? This isn't the time to explore. I decided to go
back the way I came, but I couldn't get out from the west side even
though I hadn't walked that far.  
  
Perhaps the white fog is preventing my \[Local Knowledge\] skill from
working. Upon investigating the fog, it seemed to be magic-related. The
\[Twilight Forest\] is already a maze-like place, and now there's a fog
that disorients you. The difficulty of escaping has increased
significantly.  
  
"At this rate, there's only one way to escape."  
  
There must have been many players who did the same in this forest. As a
result, this forest has come to be called the Forest of the Dead. I
finally understand how those players felt.  
  
"Should I try a death return?"  
  
I wonder what I'm saying. In reality, there's no coming back from
death.  
But this is a game. I can revive no matter how many times I die.  
  
Let me check my inventory for anything. Should I eat a poisonous herb?
No, that won't work. My \[Poison Resistance\] would neutralize it. How
troublesome. Maybe I should make a poison that surpasses that level?  
  
"This is…"  
  
As I tried to find out how to make the poison, my eyes fell on one item.
It was something I accidentally obtained a long time ago and had
forgotten about.  
  
\[Mysterious Poison: A special poison created by the village chief of
Berry Village. It is a very powerful poison, but the method of creation
is completely unknown.\]  
  
It says it's very powerful. Drinking this should easily allow me a death
return… but I'm worried. This was obtained during that epic quest.  
  
Since I got it from that special quest, I'm scared that if I drink it, I
might really die. Because death during that quest was permanent. At
least for the character—  
  
"No, that's not right. I'm still alive."  
  
I'm Chloe. I must always act like her.  
I closed my inventory without taking out the poison. Death return isn't
like her.  
  
"If I keep walking, I'll eventually find the exit."  
  
It might be pointless to keep walking without a plan, but staying put
isn't like her… me.  
  
"If the magic fog is hindering me… let's dispel it!"  
  
I slammed my staff into the ground and cast a spell. The impact of
\[Dark Burst\] slightly cleared the fog around me. I tried using magic
against magic on a hunch, and it seems to have worked.  
  
However, I couldn't completely dispel it. My vision improved slightly,
but the area beyond remained white. It seems that unless I stop the
source of the white fog, it won't disappear. But if I gradually clear my
vision with magic…  
  
"——!?"  
  
Something burst out, pushing through the plants. In my white vision, I
saw something reddish-black and a large beast's claw. A slashing sound
echoed in my ears, and a red effect scattered.  
  
Simultaneously, my HP, which had been at the edge of my vision, vanished
instantly. My vision gradually lost its color, becoming gray. From the
originally white area, even my own color disappeared.  
  
This is the death animation. So I guess I'm dead.  
  
It happened so quickly that I still don't understand what happened.
Perhaps because I died, Niru's summoning was cancelled and he
disappeared.  
Beyond my vision, I thought I saw a gray figure, along with the message
"Teleporting to the designated location" and the remaining teleportation
time.  
  
  
"Wh-What was that!?"  
  
I shouted after returning from death. The people in the square are
looking at me. But that doesn't matter. What matters is what that was.
That monster that instantly depleted my HP.  
  
Even though I'm a mage and have low defense, it's abnormal for my HP to
disappear like that. It must have been a high-level monster… or some
kind of boss.  
And that figure. I was surprised that someone else was there. And they
were alone. Maybe there were more people there, but I don't know.  
  
In the end, I died and returned. After checking, I found that I lost a
little money and experience. Rumor has it that, in rare cases, you can
drop items when you die, but that didn't happen. However, that's not the
case if the enemy has a theft skill.  
  
One thing is for sure… I don't want to go near that place. At least not
until I get stronger.  
  
"Niru, you knew this would happen… What's wrong?"  
  
The resummoned Niru is still as small as ever. His body was trembling,
and he kept flapping his wings restlessly. And he kept looking in a
certain direction. That direction is the \[Twilight Forest\] where we
were just a moment ago.  
  
"…Niru, you knew about that being, didn't you?"  
  
Niru shook his head, vehemently denying it.  
  
"That's strange. Didn't you stop me because that thing was there?"  
  
He shook his head again, as if to say no. Then he started to pace
restlessly again.  
  
…So, that thing was something that even Niru hadn't expected? I still
don't know what that place is, but judging from Niru's behavior, it's
probably a place where you shouldn't normally go. That place, with that
monster and the figure.  
  
"I don't have enough information to even start thinking about it."  
  
Niru seems to know something, but he can't speak, so it's no use. If I
go back to the forest to investigate, I'll just end up dying again.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

