[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0000_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0002_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 2: As I thought, They are adorable

“H-Hello.”

“. . .Hello.”

I dared to say hello, and she returned the greeting with a confused
face. No, why are you looking at me like that? Do I look suspicious?

“Um, did you forget your umbrella?”

“Well. . .yeah.”

“That’s rough. If you’d like you can use this.”

I reorganized my thoughts and with a smile I tried to look like a good
person. I got out my prepared folded umbrella from my bag. Okay, if Sara
receives this she will not meet Aoi, and avoid a possible future where
she is stabbed. I would be happy if she and I could survive, and Koharu
has both rivals disappear, making it easier for Aoi to fall into that
happy ending. Everyone is happy.

I handed over the cheap umbrella you often see at a convenience store.
More than that, I’ve opened it up before to make it seem used. If it’s a
good quality umbrella, they’d be more hesitant to accept, but if it’s
this worn a little, the hurdles to accept will be lower.

“I-I can’t accept this gift.”

“I have a spare. I don’t want to abandon you soaked in water and go home
by myself.”

Rather I’m more afraid of a future where she is soaked in blood. 

“Well, then thank you very much.”

She bowed her head and reached for the umbrella. Alright, I’ve avoided
the worst ending! It was at the time of my mental celebration, as I
walked away, that I heard a modest sneeze. We both looked over to a
small grandmother. She was as wet as Sara was. She was wiping her face
with a handkerchief, trying to remove the as much water as she could.
Moreover she was lightly dressed for the season. The grandmother must
not have seen this coming.

“Um. . .I’d like to give this umbrella to her instead.”

Yeah, that makes sense. I think it’s odd to give it to Sara instead of
the grandmother over there. 

“Alright, then do it.”

“Thank you.”

Despite the fact she was now out of an umbrella, the beautiful girl’s
smile was priceless!! Has she always been so nice? Was the character
always like this? I think she was always a little cool, I didn’t expect
this. I’m also a big fan of the kind Sara, she is super cute.

Even after she gave her umbrella to the grandmother, she smiled saying
“I’m glad.” Was she an angel?

She was apparently my previous life’s fan favorite, not mine.

But from now on she has become my fan favorite.

  
“Well then, shall we go?”

“Eh?”

I waited for her to come back as I opened my lavender colored umbrella.
She tilted her head.

“Well you don’t have an umbrella anymore. It’s small but it should work.
. .Is the station good enough?”

“Um, wait. I’m sorry, but you will get wet.”

She was waving her hands in dismissal, but I have no intentions of
retreating.

She is so against help. I feel like it was easier to get her under an
umbrella in the game, but do I just look too suspicious? How did Aoi get
her to join her?

Aoi: “Hey don’t go without an umbrella!”

Sara: “Eh, Um. . .”

Aoi: “Ahaha, don’t freeze up. Here!”

. . . Ahh, that’s right. While Sara was confused she was quickly pulled
underneath the umbrella without fuss. As expected from the protagonist
to spontaneously throw a plan together. If I don’t do that, I feel like
she won’t ever accept my help. I can’t be thinking about this, the
crisis(Aoi) is approaching.

There is only one thing to do!

“Well, A person should accept kindness when given. Let’s go.”

“Eh, Wha?”

I sorta threw a tantrum to imitate Aoi, but I wanted to leave here
immediately. I lightly pushed Sara’s back and into the cover of my
umbrella, however she doesn’t seem like she minds it. At this point she
finally seemed to have got the idea and apologetically thanked me.

My reward is to be this close to my fan favorite character! Her skin is
so fine that you can’t see any pores, and such long eyelashes. I was
delighted when I realized I got lucky being reincarnated with a pretty
cute face, but Sara’s beauty is on an entirely different level. If my
beauty score was 56, her’s would be far over 70. She’s the pretty girl
character, isn’t she? . . .So beautiful.

“Fufu, don’t worry I won’t try to sell you a phone plan or get you to
follow a religion.”

“I’m not worried about that ma’am. . .”

“Yeah, yeah. Also you don’t need to be so formal. I’m also a high school
student.”

“Ah, Yeah. Um oh. . .I thought you were a college student, you act so
mature.”

Maybe so. Shiori is a character designed to look mature because she is
the senior character, and now she has the experiences of a 26 year old
mixed in. So it’s even easier for me to look like an adult.

“I’m a second year student of Yuri Nomiya’s school for girls, Shiori
Sugimura. Based on your uniform, you are from Tsubakigaoka Highschool?”

“Sara Fujioka, first year. Well since Sugimura-san is a senior,
honorifics should be used. . .”

“It’s fine because I’m not your senior in the club and you aren’t my
junior. So it’s okay? Just talk more casually.”

“O-Okay.”

She seemed like a type of person who is quite reluctant to change. In my
image of Sara from the game, I thought if I said that it would end in
slapstick, or she’d say “I can’t do that” and continue to speak formally
in spite. This confused fluster character isn’t bad though.

Sara in the game had no other connections with characters other than
Aoi, so I think this side may not be shown in the game. I’m a little
happy to see a side of her nobody knew before. This alone made it worth
the trip.

“It’s rough for this to happen right after entering school. When you get
home, make sure to dry your uniform and take a bath.”

“Yes, I plan on it. But, Sugimura-san, you saved me with your umbrella.
The rain doesn’t feel like it will stop anytime soon.”

“Fufufu, I’m just lucky to share an umbrella with such a cute girl.”

“Uwaa. . .That’s embarrassing.”

“Ahaha, sorry~”

Aaaaaah so cute!

The plan was just to hand over an umbrella, but thanks to the
grandmother, I was able to share an umbrella with her. And now she has
shown me such a cute, shy face. What kind of blessed karma did I gain in
my past life!? I only remember pursuing Yuri work!

We arrived at the station while containing my joy from this
preciousness, we’ve also shared a friendly chat, and parted soon after.

If I were Aoi, there would be another coincidental reunion event later
on, but now that they haven’t had this chance encounter they wouldn’t
recognize each other, so she is now saved. On that note, I’m not Aoi, I
will not have a cosmic enforced encounter with her, so this is most
likely our last meeting.

Sara will avoid a bad ending and enjoy a peaceful high school life. I
won’t know how her story will progress but it’s for the best so she can
be happy.

“Well, What should I do now?”

Although I kept away the threat to Sara. My life as “Shiori” is still
going on. By meeting Sara it has solidified the truth of that theory.
This is the world of “Fragmented Rhapsody”. I will go to school starting
tomorrow. I’m sure I will see Aoi and Koharu. I will simply not get
involved too much, but if Aoi joins the same club I will have to have
some contact despite my own feelings. It’s hard to say whether I will
ever be absolutely safe. Yuri is fun because I watch from a distance as
love grows, so please pardon my presence.

“What do I do about it?”

Anyways, I did accomplish something today, I was able to protect Sara.
It didn’t go exactly as planned, but the results were still positive. I
did my best.

I looked towards the ticket gate where I parted with her. She was no
longer visible, I returned home with a sense of accomplishment.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

The following day. It was finally the day of truth. I was swaying as I
rode the train to school. I wrapped my head around how I could not be
involved with Aoi or Koharu. Due to my lack of sleep I left earlier than
normal. The dazzling morning sunlight shone through the window, hurting
my eyes. I couldn’t sleep well last night because of the tension, and I
woke up much earlier than my alarm. So I’ve gotten on the train two
routes earlier than usual. I felt restless at home anyways, so I thought
it would be better to distract myself at school.

The train isn’t empty enough to find a seat, but it’s also not full. It
was quite peaceful. Even though it was early in the morning, students
from highschool were onboard, and some of them wore uniforms without any
wrinkles on them. They had the atmosphere of “It’s my highschool debut”.

Speaking of freshmen I wonder what happened to Sara? I just hope she
didn’t catch a cold from yesterday’s shower.

“Um. . .”

I gazed out the window towards the scenery as it passed by, remembering
yesterday’s interaction. 

The daze was broken when a girl standing beside me tapped my shoulder. I
turned to a voice and face quite familiar.

“Eh, Sa. . “

It was Sara. A person I never thought I’d meet again.

“As I thought, it was Sugimura-san. Thank you for yesterday.”

She laughed with a relieved face. Saying “I wonder what I’d do if it
wasn’t you.” I was frozen solid from shock. At that time I noticed that
her hair flowed smoothly to her shoulders and down her back. I didn’t
know she had such shiny hair because it was wet and stuck to her
forehead and nape the last time I saw her. Her pale greenish eyes and
red blushed cheeks were more apparent than yesterday. I thought she was
already good looking yesterday, but today along with the bright sun of
the morning light, she is divine.

“Good morning, This is a surprise.”

Sara smiled and replied. 

“I was also shocked, but I’m glad, because I wanted to see you again!”

This ended my steadfast face.

Oh, my fan favorite is the cutest in the world.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

So here is my new project. It’s from the author of “The AI said my
destined one is. . .A girl?”. So far it seems well written and
interesting. Yuri is usually not too popular as a novel. So I doubt this
will gain traction, but I like it. So look forward to more. I’ve already
finished chapter 3. It will be out tomorrow, just needs to be proofread
and fixed up. And I will work on chapter 4.

Like if you did.

Summary:

Shiori Sugimura was just a normal second year high school student when
her world shattered when she remembered her past life. In her previous
life she was a serious Yuri Otaku, and with that knowledge she also
realized that the world she has been living in is the Yuri game
“Fragmented Rhapsody”. It was a game that she enjoyed dearly in her
previous life, and now she is a sub-Heroine. 

This wasn’t good news, she doesn’t want to get involved with the
protagonist and simply wants to keep her peaceful life. However that
can’t last, she chose to give up that dream, and protect with all her
might Sara Fujioka, her favorite heroine and a character that is killed
by a love rival in the bad ending!

Yanderes are scary, and the characters in the world don’t act like they
should. The scenarios are changing and the world is different than
before, but she will still do her best to protect her fan favorite.

Raw: <https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0307gl/>

Tags: Girl love. Reincarnated in another world, Yandere, Otome Game,
School Life, Youth, Yuri, Female Protagonist, Romance.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0000_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0002_Chapter.md)

