[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0001_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0003_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 3: Was She Always Like This?

In the game, Shiori Sugimura from “Fragmented Rhapsody” was a
mischievous yet caring second-year senior in the same club as the main
character, Aoi. In other words, she becomes interested in the main
character because she takes care of her, and begins to meddle in their
affairs more and more as you go down their route. In the Shiori route,
It wouldn’t be long into their meeting for her to be attracted to her.

With her being the senpai character, in the middle of the game her outer
appearance changes little by little after her love flag is set. To put
it simply, she activates older sweetheart mode, but then “I want you to
know who I really am.” happens. Aoi who only saw the reliable and mature
Shiori, was shown a face nobody else could see, and falls for the
so-called Gap moe.

However neither the flow of the story nor character settings applies to
me now. Because the adolescent ideal of a “real me” is nothing more than
a girl with a black history from a past life. I’m living with the
memories of a 26 year old woman. The current “Shiori Sugimura” is relied
on by people, and when she wants to be appropriately sweet she can,
however she is also busy pursuing a new yuri fascination. That is the
real “Me” with all strengths and weaknesses.

Aoi X Shiori in the game is a route that occurs because Shiori becomes
fascinated by Aoi. Aoi X Koharu is similar. Perhaps Aoi is vulnerable to
being pushed into a relationship.

It’s only in Sara that the formula breaks. In Sara’s route, it’s Aoi
actively pursuing Sara, gradually opening her heart, despite the fact
she seems annoyed at first, and the confession event occurs when her
“likeness” has risen.

The important thing here is that Sara is “Annoyed by her at first”.

Sara in the game didn’t have a friendly personality. She doesn’t accept
invites to go out, the conversations are short, and she is good at
rubbing salt in wounds. If she was a character that said “I wanted to
see you again!” from the beginning, she wouldn’t be a hard capture. 

Then. . .Why?

Sara, who is happily smiling besides me, is adorable, but my head is
full of question marks.

“This is an amazing coincidence. Fujioka-san is also on this train
route.”

This train route is used by both Yuri Nomiya students and Tsubakigaoka
students. There is another route where students go by bus, but Aoi and
Koharu probably also use this route.

A cold sweat then went down my neck.

. . .This is bad. I was relieved that I blocked the encounter yesterday,
but they might meet on the train in the future. 

“I was debating on whether or not to go to school by bus or train, so I
thought I might as well try going by train before I decide. I got here
pretty early so I got on an early trip, but that turned out to be the
right decision!”

“Ahh, I see. Me too, I usually take two trains later than this, but I
got up too early and went on this one because I had free time. So which
is better, bus or train?”

Maybe Sara in the game goes to school by Bus. If she did commute by
train there would be way more events involving Aoi on a train. I’m sure
she would only be going to school by train on the first day, and will
then choose to go to school by bus.

“Well, I was still deciding on what’s the best option, and they don’t
seem that different. But if I could go with Sugimura-san to school, then
the train is better.”

“Is that so?”

What is this warm feeling? This girl. I’m happy. I’m really happy.

“Yup, I decided. I’ll go to school by train! Hey, is it alright if we go
two trains later tomorrow?”

“Y-Yeah, that’s fine. I also usually take two trains later than now, so
let’s start tomorrow.”

“Awesome! Thank you!”

There is no way I can refuse her. The plan itself makes me very happy,
and Sara with her innocent happiness is very cute. – – – Though I
noticed. Perhaps now, I have changed Sara’s fate?

She was supposed to go to school by bus and walk to school in the
future, never having contact with Aoi, but now there is a possibility of
her encountering Aoi. Is this the world forcing the two together?

If that’s the reason.

(I can’t let my guard down)

I have no choice, with the curse of knowledge, I must take
responsibility until Aoi and Koharu get together.

I can’t help it when she leaves for school. But I quietly vowed to be
her knight while she is on her way to school.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN here. Hope you guys are enjoying the new story. The lengths of
chapters vary.  I will try to have the next chapter out within a few
days, however I will be busy today. So no promises. 

Okay so my theory is everybody is reincarnated and Sara already knew
Shiori usually uses the train. Or it’s a coincidence. . .Or a stalker.

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0001_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0003_Chapter.md)

