[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0003_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0005_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 5: Protagonist, Main Heroine, and Me

One of the features of Yuri Nomiya’s High School for girls, is the many
school buildings. Old buildings, new buildings, a circular school
building, and a club activities building. I’m not sure why there are so
many school buildings, it’s not like the number of students is
particularly large. The old school building is used for the staff room,
library, and infirmary, while the new building is mainly used for
classrooms. For the circular school building, there is an oratory on the
top floor, as well as a music room, multipurpose classroom, and the art
room. The club activity building is where clubs are held at, and is
located right next to the gymnasium.

In this way, it’s good because each school building has a role, but in
practicality, it becomes a pain to go from one room to another. You
can’t take your time going from one classroom to another. Making this
set up unpopular with the students.

When I was a first year I was wondering why each classroom was so far
from each other, but thanks to the knowledge of my previous life, I
finally understood. All this inconvenience is due to creating in-game
opportunities.

Art room, oratory, club room building, infirmary. All of them bring an
event. . . And of course the school nurse is never in the infirmary.
After all, it’s easy to see how an event could happen naturally when you
are alone. This is so annoying. Give me back my peaceful life!

After confirming my class change, I went to my class in the new school
building. It was as I was walking down the hallway towards class that my
friend called out to me.

“Good morning, Shiori. We are in the same class again!”

It was my classmate Yoko(陽子). I’ve known her since first year, and she
is also a member of the same art club. Although she is also a member of
the student council, so she doesn’t show up to the art club very often,
but as her name applies, she is always cheerful and is a lively friend.
Her name doesn’t appear in the game, but she may have appeared as
“Shiori” ‘s senpai mob friend.

“Yeah, once again please treat me well.”

“I should tell you to treat me again. Yesterday I was at the entrance
ceremony for student council work, and there were alot of cute girls. I
hope that club tours start after school, so the art club will have a lot
of cute girls visiting.”

“Is that so. Aside from looks, I want a junior with a cute personality.”

According to the game story, there will be three new members for the art
club this year. Aoi and two mob characters. I don’t know what kind of
students the mob students will be, because there is almost no
description for them in the game, but I have no problems committing
myself to mob characters. Aoi has a sociable personality, so if left
alone she will get along well with the other seniors, and I can pay
attention to the new juniors.

By the way, Koharu joins the cooking club. She will come during the club
tour, but won’t join because she wants to learn how to make delicious
meals for Aoi- – – that’s the story. If Koharu joined the art’s club,
the sub heroine “Shiori” wouldn’t stand out as a character. Otherwise
Koharu, who is naturally suspicious, seeing as she is Aoi’s stalker,
would refuse to choose another club activity. Her getting out of my hair
could be helpful though.

“You say that, but for me face is important.”

“I know. Yoko only talked to me because you liked my face, right?”

She shrugged after and calmly said, “I like super good looking people.”
It’s actually refreshing for her to simply state her feelings.

“O K A Y, well, speaking of beautiful girls, a girl from Tsubakigaoka
was with you on the train. She was insanely beautiful!”

“. . .You saw?”

“I did see! Rather I couldn’t take my eyes off two beautiful girls
coupling. I felt like I was a voyeur!”

“Stop talking.”

I didn’t want to believe it would happen, but Yoko’s tension is getting
scary. I mean, I didn’t care about how she acted before spring break,
but through the filtered eyes of a Yuri Otaku, she loves pretty girls!
Is she a friend who is also a Yuri character? There is a possibility she
is still straight, but this is the world of a Yuri game, and she is
proudly talking like that. I hope there are other hidden yuri characters
besides the heroines.

“Tsk, is it no good?”

“It is unacceptable. From today on we are seniors, so please conduct
yourself with a little dignity. Act like a member of the student
council.” 

“Oooh, Shiori is talking like an adult now! Did you perhaps become an
adult during spring break. . . Did you perhaps climb the stairs to
adulthood?”

“Wha. . .I haven’t climbed the stairs! and I have no plans on climbing
them!”

When I opened the door to the classroom, everybody was looking at us. I
then realized I had subconsciously raised my voice. Those who understood
the meaning behind our words smiled wryly, and those who didn’t simply
look confused. Please don’t understand.

I completely went red and froze in shame. Then Yoko whispered with a
smirk” Declaring yourself a maiden on the first day of school, Shiori is
bold.” I retaliated by putting my entire weight behind stepping on her
little toe. Making her muffle.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

After school I went to the art club with Yoko. When we entered the room,
there were already several new freshmen and familiar club members
waiting. I unconsciously searched for Aoi and Koharu, and felt relieved
that they hadn’t come yet. I didn’t want to meet them, but I had to be
prepared.

In the art room, the words “Congratulations on your enrollment.” was
written on the blackboard with cherry blossoms drawn around it. The
freshmans were taking pictures of it on their smartphones saying 
“Amazing”. So far first impressions were good.

“Well let’s get started, first year students. Thank you for giving our
club your time during your touring. Today we will go over a brief
explanation of our club. I would also like if the first years
participate to get a feeling for the atmosphere of the club.”

At 3:30 the club president began explaining the club activities, so both
new and old students stopped talking and paid attention.

“First of all, club activities happen on Tuesday and Thursday. However
if you want you could come other days. Activity days are not mandatory
for you to be at. Everyone is free to come when they’d like. You can
only submit one project for the end of year art exhibition for the
school festival. Last’s years project wa-”

When the president was talking, the heavy door of the art room began to
open, creating a little rattling. From the opening two girls peeped
inside. My heart froze when I saw their faces.

There is no mistake, it is Aoi and Koharu.

“Excuse us for being late. Could we still join the tour?”

“Yeah, it’s okay, the tour has just begun.”

The two girls accepted the invitation by the director and hurried
inside. . .It’s nice that you could join us, but why did you both stand
next to me? Well, probably because I was standing by the door. However
there must have been many other places. Ugh, I want to run away. I want
to move from my spot. But it’s in the middle of the explanation. . .

As soon as the director’s talk was wrapping up, I was swaying restlessly
wanting to leave, but the last thing she said was “If you have any
questions, please feel free to ask a senpai nearby.”  With that last
sentence, it was the nail in the coffin. Immediately beside me, Aoi
turned to me with glittering eyes. I can’t even pretend to ignore her
because our eyes have already met. I’ve completely lost any chance to
escape.

“Um, I am Aoi Shimamoto. And this girl is Koharu Wakashima. Please treat
us well.”

Aoi cheerfully greeted me without a second thought to my own anxiety,
behind her Koharu bowed her head down. Ahhh, If I didn’t know any better
I would have thought. “Aww, Such a cute first year greeted me so well.”
I know she is a good person, but her presence will herald a terrible
ending for both Sara and I.

Then there was Koharu. She gave a silent friendly smile behind Aoi, but
her eyes weren’t smiling at all. Is it already at that stage? Has the
Yandere begun already!?!?

“I-I am Shiori Sugimura, second year. . . Pleasure to meet you.”

I don’t want to say hello! Yanderes are scary! I’m shaken to my core,
but she hasn’t noticed at all. Aoi keeps talking innocently looking like
a puppy, despite the heavy black aura drifting in from behind her. When
I take my eyes off of Koharu, I feel so sick, like I might be killed at
any moment, why doesn’t anybody else notice? Is this the mystic rules
presented from a Yuri game world?

“Um, well, what would Wakashima-san like to do in the art club?”

If I continue to engage with Aoi any more, I feel a sense of crisis from
Koharu’s hate will surely be built up. So I forced myself to talk to the
menace. As soon as Aoi turned around, the black aura disappeared.
Terrifying. Is it as simple as an on and off switch?

“I was simply accompanying Aoi-chan, but it sounds interesting. What has
senpai created?”

“Um, I think I have a picture of it. I drew a trick art work for last
year’s school festival.”

“Eh!! Trick art looks so cool! Do you have a picture of it?”

Although I was talking to Koharu, Aoi’s reaction was too precious. Her
eyes shone, as she grabbed my hand saying “Show me!” But as soon as Aoi
turned her focus to me, the highlight disappeared from Kohaur’s eyes.
Scary!

Why did you have to look at me like that? . . .I scanned around for
help, but everyone was happy talking to other members and showing their
work. And of course, no other students are looking at their senpai with
murderous eyes. . . .

In a hurry, I let go of Aoi and showed the pictures I had on my
smartphone from last year’s school festival. Naturally, I also allowed
Koharu to look along with Aoi. By defying her like this, Koharu just
becomes a cute girl. The damage to my HP has decreased.

It’s clear now that “Fragmented Rhapsody” is a game solely from the
perspective of Aoi. When Koharu is next to Aoi she is really cute, and
when explaining pretty boring club activities, it will be reflected
through Aoi’s eyes that a senior is explaining it all with a smile. Both
of them have absurd viewpoints, but it’s better if they don’t know the
truth.

“Waaah- Trick art is so cool, Koharu look! Oh, I want to make a robot
with cardboard. That sounds so fun! If I join the art club would I be
able to make one?”

“It depends on the effort you put in it, but the teachers and seniors
will support you, so if you have something you want to do you can more
or less try it.”

“Is that so!?! Then, perhaps I will join the club! What about you,
Koharu?”

“Eh, me. . .”

I know the answer already. She is going to join the cooking club. It was
unexpected that I would make contact with them at this stage of the
tour, but I already knew that Aoi would join the art club. She joins, I
could escape being viciously glared at by Koharu. Of course I couldn’t
escape the stomach pains this meeting has caused, but it will all be
over, when I heard her say “I will also join the club”. . .What?

“I was planning on only visiting, but it seems much more interesting
than I initially imagined. And Senpai is so kind along with the other
members, plus Aoi-chan will be with me.”

What, no. Wait. Why are you joining the club? What about the cooking
club? What about my peaceful club life? Huh!?!?

Without knowing about my suffering, In the end Aoi and Koharu happily
joined, and once the news that there were new members, the other members
gathered around us. How did this happen!? 

Left behind, I began to panic, the tension around me suddenly rose.

In my petrified state, I was praised by the president for doing well and
I returned with a forced smile. Koharu then approached, looking at me
with the finest tuned smile.

“I look forward to working with you, Sugimura-Senpai.”

“T-Treat me well. . .”

I felt like a frog being glared at by a snake.

Where did I go wrong. . .I felt like diving into my bed and crying, I
had to gently rub my stomach as it started to churn. Someone please,
give me some medicine. 

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Here is the new chapter. And things are starting to heat up. I wonder
how much has changed in Koharu’s personality. Seems like the story isn’t
following the game as much as Shiori would hope.

Next chapter in 2-3 days. Maybe sooner.

Like if you did. 


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0003_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0005_Chapter.md)

