[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0006_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0008_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 8: You want to be seduced?

The trial period for clubs is now over. From today on, the first years
will finally fully participate in club activities.

The number of new members, including Aoi, was three in the game, however
the new members in this life increased. Including the unexpected Koharu
membership, it became five new members. Besides Koharu, it’s a mystery
why there is one more person than normal.

With these additions, the number of club members has doubled. Originally
there were two third years, and three seconds years. It’s easy to say
that the senpais’ and advisor were delighted.

“Hey hey, Sugimura-senpai. What exactly do you do in the art club? I
understand you draw pictures or make something, but. . .”

The first new member of the club, Aoi, was the one that pulled my sleeve
all the time and bombarded me with questions. Why ask me? And I would
like to say, I don’t know how to reply.

Even if I say paint a picture, what do you want, is it a watercolor
painting, oil painting, or something else? Would you like to draw? What
do you want to draw in the first place? How well do you draw? There are
many things to think about before just deciding on a project, you can
choose ceramics or sculptures instead of painting. In other words, there
are so many choices that it’s hard for me to explain it.

“I think the advisor can help you there, but is there anything
Shimamoto-san is particularly interested in?”

“Err, that should be the first thing, eh? Senpai drew a picture. . .
right It was a trap art.”

“Yeah, but I didn’t decide to make that from the beginning. At first I
thought it’d be more interesting to make something handicraft, such as a
ceramic piece.”

I can’t say it out loud, but the main reason I joined the art club was
because the mandatory days were loose. There are no other clubs that
have only two activities days a week, and on top of that, you only need
to submit one project for the school festival. When I was first looking
for a club, I decided on finding something suitable for spending a
carefree highschool life. I didn’t expect I was going to complete an
important trick art project in return for my precious summer vacation.

I can’t just tell a first year who has hopeful eyes the truth.

“The advisor told you to think hard about what you want to express and
in what form to do it in. So why don’t you ask other senpais to find
some inspiration? Ah, if you are interested in painting, the president
is very good, so I’d recommend you talk to her.”

I casually moved the conversation away from me. No, I’m just telling the
truth. I’m not lying. The president’s art even got some prizes last
year.

Besides, I want to leave soon. I’m trying not to be stared at by her, I
can’t help but be worried that she is glancing at me from the edge of my
sight. Ah, don’t stare at me, leave me alone.

I’m a senpai, I’m just talking to her normally!?!?

“Well then, hang in there.”

I said a quick goodbye line to Aoi, and left our spot in a hurry. She
was likely to begin talking again if left alone, so I decided to mix in
with the two members chatting to each other.

“Ah Shiori, just who I wanted to talk to. Today I was just chatting with
Yoko about whether to try doing some croquis. It’s been awhile since the
last time we’ve practiced, what do you think?”

“That would be good. It’s been a long time since it’s been a club
activity, so I think it will be a good exercise.”

“Then, we’ll have three people take shifts as models. And Shiori will do
the sexy pose. . .”

“I will not.”

Geeze, it’s Yoko, so she would make such a request so absurd. She is
always making a pass at somebody, I complain to her about me being her
target for sexual harassments, It’s isn’t showing affection. It’s plain
sexual harassment! But despite me saying it, she never gives up.

While we were bantering, a first year student asked “Um, what is
croquis?”

“Croquis is a simple drawing done quickly of a live model, after which
the model changes poses. . . We usually have the model change pose every
10 minutes.”

“Isn’t that just a sketch?”

“It’s similar, but a sketch is a rough drawing of a landscape or
something that doesn’t move. This way is a solid drawing of the figure
with a look at form and lighting, not much given to detail. It’s a very
rough explanation.”

Yoko folded her arms and explained in more depth. She is usually the
sexual harrassment queen, but right now she looks like a serious and
dependable Senpai.

“If you’d like, would any first years be interested in trying it?”

“Ah, I want to try! I’ll talk to the other first years!”

In the end all first years decided to participate, and on this day a
joint croquis tournament was held for the first and second year. However
I ended up being a model. Yoko would say “Shiori be more sexy! Lift your
chest more!” I had to break my pose to say “Shut up” because she
wouldn’t stop heckling me. After I kicked her shin, she became more
mature.

It was probably at that moment that the younger students’ impression of
Yoko changed completely, but I just hope they don’t misunderstand me for
having a violent personality.

Although I ended up being a little worried about the chat between Yoko
and Aoi.

“Yoko-Senpai, wouldn’t it be a sight for her to do a sexy pose alone?”

“Shimamoto-san has a good eye. However, the appearance of her being
bashful in front of everyone isn’t something to forget about.”

“Ahaha, you’re so enthusiastic?”

“Well, whether in front of everyone or personally, she never shows off.”

“It’s a shame. . .In many ways.”

She said with a dejected face. However, I’m extremely relieved that I
won’t be persistently asked after this. It’s no longer with a normal
exchange. But, I’m a little worried that Yoko will have a negative
influence on Aoi. If she really wants to see a sexy pose, ask Koharu
when you’re alone. She will surely take off her clothes for Aoi. She’d
probably let her personally take it off.

By the way, today, Aoi and Koharu weren’t often together.

As usual, when I talked to Aoi a gaze would seem to shoot at me. She
wasn’t next to Aoi. She was sitting a little further away from her. If
she was in her usual girlfriend mode, she would be sitting next to Aoi
while doing her croquis 

I wonder if they got into a fight?

 I’m not going to poke the bull. It’s okay if I let them settle it
themself.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“- – -Something like that happened.”

The next morning I told Sara all about what happened during club
activity, and she just laughed out loud.

“You must have looked really stylish.”

“I think Sara would look better.”

“Well look at me. . .I’m short in the chest department.”

She patted her modest chest while hoping for future growth, with those
breast the only other way is padding or surgery. But her slender long
limbs and tight waist are much harder to come by than large breasts.

“I’d like to see Shiori-san’s sexy pose if not just for a moment. Hey,
can you show me when you come to my house next time?”

What? 

I want to get my revenge for her teasing me with her mischievous laugh.

“That’s fine, but. . . If we’re alone, and asking for that, it would be
like you are trying to seduce me.”

“Eh. . .seduce!?!”

Sara freaked out. Her eyes darted all around and she withdrew. At a
girl’s school this joke isn’t that unique, but she is so cute giving
that innocent reaction. 

I was getting carried away, her cheeks were dyed red, and closing the
distance to her bewildered face

“Or perhaps do you want me to seduce you?”

I stroked her cheek. She internally screamed with teary eyes. She shook
her whole body, her neck went red, not to mention her ears. . .What is
this adorable reaction? It’s so precious.

I patted her on her bashful hung head and apologized for overdoing it.
She held her red cheeks to hide them and said in a tiny voice “so cruel.
. .” Yeah she is so cute. This could become a habit.

Where did this ice cold character from the game go? The Sara I’ve known
has never been cool since I met her. I have no complaints though, I
prefer this Sara, but it’s still strange.

It was then I remembered something from the game. It was like a deja vu.
I’ve felt like I’ve seen this exchange, though I’ve never done it to
anyone else. . .

Ahhh\~\~\~~ it’s in the game!

Shiori: (Or perhaps do you want me to seduce you?)

Aoi: (Geeze! Don’t make fun of me!)

It’s a scene with Shiori, she is the mischievous senpai character in the
game. She teases Aoi alot during her club activities. It was a
foreshadowing event where this interaction happened when they were alone
in the art room.

I totally forgot about that, and I just did the same thing to Sara. Well
there is no way you could set a flag between side heroines, and since
the other party is not Aoi there is no problem. For now though, it’s
better if I’m more careful.

“I won’t seduce you, but I am looking forward to seeing Sara’s house.”

“. . . Yeah, I’ll prepare sweets.”

Sara showed a relieved smile when I reassured I won’t tease her anymore.
It was only the middle of the week, but I couldn’t wait for this
weekend.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN: And one more chapter for the book. Hope you enjoyed this more uh,
passionate chapter? There are a lot of flags and plots that were just
raised. I wonder how it will progress or what happened between Aoi and
Koharu.

ALSO A CHANGE TO COMMENTS. You no longer need to fill in an email to
comment. Uh I have no idea if this is a good idea. I already get a lot
of spam messages. But this should make it easier for real humans to
comment. Although I may change it back if things get out of hand.

LIKE if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0006_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0008_Chapter.md)

