[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0008_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0010_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 10: This Wasn’t In The Game, Right?

I heard about it the day after Golden Week. It was a pleasant sunny day
for a lunch break in the month of May. In front of me was Yoko who
quietly uttered after placing her bento on my desk.

“Shiori’s princess seems to be in trouble.”

I titled my head after hearing “Shiori’s Princess”, but I soon realized
that she meant Sara. I have no idea what she meant. My fan favorite
isn’t my princess, but I guess it’s pointless to correct it.

“I heard from a friend in Tsubakigaoka, that girl you talk to. .
.Sara-chan? Yeah, She stands out because she is a beautiful girl, it
seems that her popularity with the boys was explosive immediately after
enrolling.”

“Probably because she is too cute.”

“You certainly are speaking high of your beloved. But to put it simply,
the girls are jealous of her, and the boys are fighting amongst
themselves to get her attention, plus the boys who are given the cold
shoulder by her are resenting it. So currently Tsubakigaoka has fallen
into pandemonium all over Sara-chan. Because of that, it seems that
Sara-chan has been isolated for a while. . .”

“I haven’t heard about that!”

I knew that Sara would definitely be popular in Tsubakigaoka, where
there are many boys, if that was the case she should be pampered and
life would be good. However, if what I’m hearing is correct, then life
must be hell. When I met her this morning she seemed to be the same as
usual, but it must be a facade.

I’ve never heard her talk about school friends. She talks about school,
but it’s just about classes, and what kind of teachers she has said.

“Of course, not all the girls are jealous, and there are many students
that are sympathetic. The rest, wouldn’t it be mostly the unpopular
girls who are jealous? There are boys who have fallen in love with her
and confessed to Sara-chan. Some boyfriends have fallen in love with her
despite being in a relationship, and they ended up dumping their
girlfriends. It seems that there are many stories about similar things
happening.”

“But, Sara isn’t in the wrong.”

“For real~”

The one in the wrong is the boys who suddenly had a change of heart.
Anyway, being the target of unrequited love is not wrong. In my opinion,
It’d be those who didn’t confess in the first place. 

Be that as it may, I am also well aware of the annoyances in the girl’s
heart. Especially when I was in junior high school or high school, I had
more wicked and nasty thoughts back then. You’re still immature in your
humanity. Although your body changes, your wisdom is what truly grows.
In spite of children having splendid fangs and claws, they don’t know
how to properly use it, so they lash out at people without considering
the consequences. It’s the worst time.

“It seems that she relaxes around you, so perhaps you can get her to
open up?”

“I’ll do that. Thank you.”

I had no other friends in Tsubakigaoka, I wouldn’t have known what was
happening unless I was told by her. I am frankly thankful for Yoko’s
connections to other schools.

However, something is strange. This side story did not appear in the
game. Is it just that Sara was silent about it to Aoi, just like the
plot around cooking and studying, or is it no longer necessary to bring
up by the time the two become friends? It would be nice if it was the
latter, but I can’t rely on that. There have been too many unexpected
changes to the story.

“I wished Sara had enrolled into our school.”

If so I could be at her side and protect her. Yoko nodded and said
“Truly!” but in her case, she just wants to have a pretty girl by her
side. 

My friend is still weird.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

I said I’d ask. How do I?

I’m not unsociable or unfriendly, but I’m not the type of person who
actively pokes their noses into other people’s affairs, so it’s quite
the hurdle.

In the first place, what do I do after hearing her story? I don’t think
I can solve a problem happening in another school, especially if it
involves a ton of people. I could only really “Listen”.

Plus does Sara really want help? Because I don’t even know anything
about it, I’m just an ordinary friend. In fact she never mentioned it.
Does she not want to talk about it?

Furthermore, it was possible that it’s in the game, and by the time of
the game she gets to know Aoi it’s already resolved, it’s possible I
could fumble when I get involved, I could make it worse. This is the
biggest problem.

It’s tough. If there is no action taken, as time goes on the negative
thoughts will grow. But has she been hinting about it? Was she asking
for help in her recent words and actions? She didn’t look sad. No matter
how much I recall, she was always smiling.

What if we do talk? This isn’t a topic to have on the morning train
ride. If I want to delve into it should it be on our weekend tutor.
Should we even talk about it in the first place? – – – Ahh I’m so
conflicted.

If I do take any form of action, it probably won’t change anything. 

If anything it may bother her.

She may dislike people sticking their nose in others’ problems without
asking.

It could make things worse.

It may. Maybe. . Maybe. . . .

So many possibilities, it is about to break my heart.

But I also know something. When times are tough, there is warmth when
people are by your side. The comfort in being cared for is
irreplaceable. When you can’t stand alone, the people around you become
your biggest saviors.

I can’t do anything about her situation. I’m just a helpless highschool
girl.

Despite that, what is the point of only watching while you know that a
loved one is having a hard time? Having the privilege of looking over
somebody is nice. And to be given the blessing to give something back.

Even if it’s for my ego, I want to tell her that there are people around
her that care. What to do after that? Sara should decide.

((Is it okay to see you sometime after school?))

The reply to the message I sent came after dreading for 5 minutes.

((Yeah, I want to see you!))

How many times has she shot me through the heart, those simple words
carry a tremendous destructive power.

There is no value for an otaku that can’t protect their favorite
character! Even Otaku’s have their pride! 

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

A bit of a darker one? Not so heavy, but I’m interested to see how
Shiori could solve this. Will Sara’s knight in shining armor come save
her? Would she even want it? We’ll have to see next chapter.

This chapter wasn’t too long so I got it out quicker than usual, the
next one isn’t that long either so we will see.

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0008_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0010_Chapter.md)

