[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0011_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0013_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 13: In Order to Get Serious Results

“Yoko, I have a favor to ask.”

During our lunch break, I stopped Yoko as she was on her way to the
student council room. Once she heard me ask, she immediately said with a
smile  “Alright, but only if you allow me to rub your huge tits.”

Geez this guy! . . . but it’s just us girls. . . I mean if that’s all
that’s needed, I guess you could alittle. . . She silently stared, the
always careless Yoko was unusually flustered.

“Eh? What?! Don’t you usually cut that off!? Wait, Wait, It’s that
serious of a request?”

“Well, yes that’s right.”

Was it that obvious I was serious, just from whether or not I’d agreed
to being groped? I mean, I don’t accept those requests on a daily basis
at all.

“Okay, I’ll skip student council work for today! Let me know what’s up
while we eat.”

“Okay, thank you.”  
“Seeing Shiori being docile, It kinda makes me unsettled.”

. . .That’s kind of rude. Does she perhaps want to be cut off? Is she
actually an M?

It was good weather when we moved to a bench in the courtyard. Here I
talked about Sara, and the fact that Yoko’s friend was correct about the
problem. Somehow I want to find a way for her to be able to live a
peaceful school life. I want her to be taken care of by using Yoko’s
connections. Yoko had a friendly wide smile. She has many friends both
inside and outside of school, regardless of if they are older or
younger, so it’s good to know she will help.

“Okay, Leave that to me. I’ll talk to some reliable girls.”

“Thank you, you are a lifesaver.”

“No no, I simply can’t stand a cute girl feeling sad, and also it means
I can grope Shiroi’s raw boobies, that’s about it.”

“Who said you could rub them raw! In the first place I haven’t agreed to
that yet!”

This is bad. If I give her an inch, she will take a mile. I need to be
on my guard before she jumps onto me. I thought it would be directed a
little towards Sara’s chest, but she didn’t even consider that. Yoko
looked happily at me, which made me reflexively guard my breasts with
both arms, and slowly back off.

This is vexing, I just realized I was being teased by a bad friend who
is smiling and laughing at me. I usually step on her foot to shut her
up, and hit this bastard, but I am asking for a favor, so I’ll endure it
without putting a hand on her.

“Even so, this is rare. You rarely pays attention to someone.”

“Well. . .Is that so?”

(Shiori Sugimoto) is not a person with favorites, either before or after
my memories returned. Whatever could be said about me, is that I am
reasonably close to everybody because I’m friendly and casual. Although
I’m like this, there are no special positions for me such as best
friends. It’s been like that forever.

I think I’m on good terms with Yoko, but it’s not so special that I’d
call her my best friend. I’m simply not that type.

“You cherishes her so much, it makes me interested in Sara-chan.”

“She is a good kid. If she had a bit more confident attitude, She
wouldn’t have such a hard time.”

“The jealousy of women is scary”

“Geeze, totally”

The jealousy of men is also scary as things are now, but if I say that
she’d get really interested, so I subdued my own thoughts.

By the way, with this we were able to secure collaborators in
Tsubakigaoka. If there are a few girls who care, that alone would make
Sara feel a bit better. Most of all, she’d no longer be considered
“Dangerous to talk to.” That would make a big difference if the number
of people talking to her goes from zero to at least a few.

There are definitely students who want to get closer to the secret
beauty. If there is a chance, she might even become popular.

“If you get the chance, I’d also like to meet Sara-chan.”

What is this truly about? Yoko says she wants to get closer to beautiful
girls. She is truly consistent with her life goal. Although her asking
to rub my breast is making me concerned, perhaps she simply cares about
that. . .No, I’m thinking too much about it.

“Only if you don’t sexually harass her.”

Yoko gutturally laughed saying “You are so overprotective!”

I gave her my usual blow this time.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

After school on that day, I visited Sara’s house. Of course for the
future we’d need strategy meetings. Even though we have gotten
collaborators in her school, that alone isn’t enough. You should hit
from multiple fronts.

“That’s why we are studying.”

After I proclaimed this, Sara cutely tilted her head in doubt. It was a
kitten-like gesture. So cute.

“Shiori-san, we’ve been studying together every week. . .”

“On, no. It’s not the usual studying, this is exam studying. For the
midterm exam, which is at the end of the month?”

“Ahh, yeah. But Why so suddenly?”

She looked like she didn’t understand what the point was.

Well she did just enter high school, so she must not know yet. There is
a hierarchy of grades in prep schools.

“A school like Tsubakigaoka has a tendency to positively look at people
with better grades! Of course that isn’t all you need, but if you get
good grades you’ll get a lot of attention.”

“Well mine don’t stand out, but they could be worse. . .”

“It’s not zero, also because I think that if it’s on Tsubakigaoka level
it will be okay. From my experience, the valuation level is proportional
to the school.”

If it’s a high performance school, the harassment of those with good
grades will naturally be reduced, but still if it’s held irrationally
they may still give a cold shoulder. Her having a good grade will lead
to thought “People with good grades are great people.” I’ve been told
this since I was a child. It can’t be guaranteed it will be a definite
improvement, but it’s worth trying.

“In fact, if you get poor grades, you should be worried that you’ll be
insulted by what people say. They’d say “She is only a stupid woman with
a pretty face.””

“Okay I understand, I’ll study!”  

Although the future of improvement couldn’t be seen, it seems that the
image of her being made fun of firmly established her passion. She
immediately gave me a good reply.

I understand your feelings, but I want you to have a little more
confidence. If the person themselves is amazing, then their surroundings
will calm down, and eventually things will settle down. They will move
on because unfortunately, people are good at finding weak people
elsewhere.

However since she’s been bullied for many years, just having that would
be a big deal.

“First impressions are important. So with this being the first midterm
exam, there are few subjects, and the study material you need is narrow,
so it should be easy to get a good score in this short period of time.”

“I see!”

“I’ve taught math a lot, so I think I’ll be able to teach more than
usual. Are there any other subjects you are worried about?”

“Humanities I’m fine with on my own. World history and biology I can
memorize if I do a death march study session. Chemistry is. . .Well, is
Shiori-san good at it?”

“Leave it to me.”

I’m proud of it, because I have almost no blind spots when it comes to
teaching.  While I was in college I taught the sciences and arts as a
part time tutor. Of course I don’t remember it all, but with a little
study I can easily relearn it.

Classical works and Traditional Chinese I know within a limit, but since
I was decent with those subjects in this life, there is no problem.
Isn’t it great to have my weakness covered due to this life and my
previous one?

“Your specs are too high. . . I bet you are hiding some other special
skill or a hidden power.”

“I’m not hiding it, but I can also speak English and Korean fluently.”

I’ve studied both languages in order to be involved with overseas Yuri
works! It’s a pity that I died while studying French. 

I still can’t remember what caused my death.

“What’s with all these high specs. . .Are you also a master of martial
arts?”

“I’m not a master, but I’ve dabbled in self-defense. Um, I can do
fitting for clothes, so why don’t you wear a yukata for a summer
festival.”

“Who are you? A beautiful woman with good style, can study, and is
strong as a bonus. . . Are you a superhuman?”

I’m just a yuri otaku? Well, I learned self-defense and fitting because
of the yuri works I was addicted to. I continued self-defense because I
enjoyed it, so even if Sara is attacked in the future, I may be able to
protect her if I’m by her side. I’m so glad I’ve taken self-defense.

“I simply have a lot of hobbies. But regardless, I’m just glad I’m able
to help you. So let’s do our best together.”

“Shiori-san. . .Yeah, I’ll also do my best!”

Looking at those motivated eyes, I’m convinced this will go well. Why
don’t we get along to the end. An otaku supporting their favorite
character is their profession.

“Well then, let us begin!”

“Yeah!”

After that, We’ve studied a lot.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN:

Woah. Shiori is OP. Is she considered an overpowered isekai character? I
mean in the real world I’d consider it. It seems that the plan is
beginning, and we have help on the inside. Although I wonder how
smoothly it will go?

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0011_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0013_Chapter.md)

