[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0013_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0015_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 15: Test Results

Studying for the exam went smoothly, and both for Tsubakigaoka and Yuri
Nomiya. I got a pretty high score, partly because I was studying
alongside Sara. So of course my ranking will considerably go up.

As long as it’s a perk I get with Sara’s solution there is no problem.
Plus having to answer these kinds of questions in an exam should be easy
to do well.

The question though is if her name will appear in the top ranks. That
will be overhanging in the hallway after the exam. At Yuri Nomiya, the
ranking is a private thing, but at Tsubakigaoka, it seems that the top
twenty will be posted for everybody to see. Yoko’s friend did confirm
that having your name up there will raise your status among students at
school.

I was surprised that there were still schools that put grades out in the
hallway, but it seems it could increase motivation for students to
study, that feeling and culture at least exists in some schools.

And it will be hung overhead about one week after the end of the test.
In other words, we should know today during lunch break.

“I’m so nervous, I feel like I’m going to barf.”

“Well, keep that inside.”

Yoko was playing a game on her smartphone as we awaited a call from
Sara. I was lying my head on the desk with my smartphone waiting in
hand.

How kind of her when her friend is dead. Well, I would do the same if
things were reversed.

While I was looking with dread at the pitch black smartphone screen,
when my smartphone finally rumbled. It is the awaited report from Sara
obviously.

I checked it in a hurry, but only saw that one photo was sent.

“Well?”

Yoko put her phone down and peeked over to mine. She looked over my
shoulder after noticing I froze

“. . .Hey, do you know that every year in Tsubakigaoka, many students
who pass with high grades get picked for well known national and medical
schools?”

“Of course I know.”

“Hmm, then you have to be talented to be up there.”

Yoko muttered her impression, and then looked again at the photo sent.

I also look once again, double checking, but the results don’t change no
matter how many times I’ve looked.

- –   – 2nd:  Sara Fujioka

The ranking was clear, it clearly stated that along with her score.

(“I’m sorry I didn’t contact you sooner. Immediately after taking the
photo, I was surrounded by people. I can’t believe it, it’s a much
better score than I ever expected, but I’m really happy! It’s all thanks
to Shiori-san. Thank you!”)

(“Congratulations. You were able to get a good result because you did
your best. Let’s celebrate on Sunday.”)

I was contacted at the end of lunch break, Sara must have been
overwhelmed and in a hurry to let us know. With midterms over, I won’t
be going to Sara’s house every day. So we will only meet on the morning
train rides and weekends. Let’s celebrate this weekend by buying a cake.

Even so, Second place? It’s a pity it wasn’t first after all we did, but
if she was number one, that would cause another problem. Actually it
might have been for the best. I didn’t tell Sara to go for it, but even
the second place was a little too good. In the future, you will be
expected to keep that top rank.

“What kind of tutoring did you give for her to get second place at a
school like Tsubakigaoka?”

“I taught her only the basics, and we were studying together. I told her
things I understood when asked. . .”

Well I answered everything I was asked. Even if I wasn’t prompted I
would tell her the important parts. However Sara from the start had high
specs and good work ethics. The power of my teaching wasn’t that
significant.

The most important part is it seems that Sara was surrounded by people
after the announcement was made. If she was surrounded only by boys that
wouldn’t help, but I’m hoping this will increase the number of girls who
re-examine her, and perhaps reach out.

They haven’t been involved until now, but I can’t help but think this
will help. You wouldn’t jeopardize your social life by standing up for a
girl who you don’t even know, I can’t help but think like that. It would
be too much to expect a teenager. However this may be a good start. Even
if you don’t apologize, just getting along well from now on is a passing
score.

“Let’s wait a bit longer. I’m also looking forward to hearing positive
news from Yoko’s friend.”

“I think it will be fine. That girl has a weakness for cute girls, so
they won’t do anything wrong.”

“Ah, I guess it is your friend. . .”

That’s why I’m getting worried. What if they are also good at sexually
harassing like Yoko?

–   –  Wait! Is this a yuri flag? Will a flower bloom past friendship?

Sara is cute but it also breaks all metrics, and her friend who loves
cute girls could enter a senior x junior yuri. I think it’s possible.

If you are a sincere person who can take good care of Sara, and has no
love rivals that would rush in with a knife, I will happily support it.

No, But I don’t know if she is suitable for Sara’s partner, I won’t know
unless I meet her and talk at once. . .

“You have a scary face. What’s wrong?”

Like she was my sister in law, I was deep in thought for her. It took me
a while to notice I was being talked to.

Your favorite’s partner is very important for a fan. No, no. Being a
Yuri Otaku is intense work.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN

now to actually use my translator note to um, write about the
translation. In the story Shiori actually says
“キマシタワー建っちゃう？” Or , is a Kimashi Tower being raised?” It is
hard to translate the meaning so I just wrote, it is a “flower bloom
past friendship”. Kimashi Tower is uh, from strawberry panic. I am not
well versed in Japanese slang, but it basically means when a yuri-like
development begins. It’s like when two girls have a special mood around
them.

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0013_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0015_Chapter.md)

