[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0018_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0020_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 20: Present

It’s going to be July in just a few days.

There were a lot of things now bothering me, such as suspicion of me
cheating on the exam, and now being forced to help the student council.
I have all those on my plate, but that isn’t what I’m worried about the
most.

July 7th is Sara’s birthday!

Unfortunately it’s on a weekday. She’ll probably celebrate after school
with her classmates, so I’d like to give her a present when I meet her
on the morning train.

 A birthday present for my long-sought for favorite character! 

 The day is coming where I could give the gift directly to her, instead
of only seeing her on the other side of a screen! Long live
reincarnation!!

Therefore I’ve been wanting to seriously think about what would make a
great gift for her.

“What would a high school girl love to receive?”

“As a highschool girl yourself, why are you asking?”

Yoko put on a tsukkomi without even laying her council work down. Of
course I haven’t stopped either or else the president’s fury will fall
upon us.

“Because she doesn’t hint at or tell me what she wants at all. What
would you want. . .Actually you don’t need to answer.”

“Wait! What the heck, don’t exclude me!”

“Well, you are just going to say “Wrap yourself with a ribbon and give
your body!” isn’t that it. I know before you even say anything.”

“Congratulations! That is the correct answer, how about a prize!!”

“I don’t need one!!”

Ping! Woah, what a hit.

A pen case flew and hit Yoko’s behind the head, stopping our heated
conversation. 

”I didn’t say you couldn’t chat, but please be a little quieter.”

“”Understood. . .””

After that, we worked seriously, but after a while, Yoko muttered ”I
only know about Sara-chan from Shiori and Tomoda, regardless I’m sure
she’ll be happy with whatever you choose.” That was a kind opinion,
which is unusual for her.

“I’m just worried that she doesn’t want anything.”

“Doesn’t want anything? If it was me I’d arrange a wish list 100 items
long.”

“Yoko is too greedy, and the wish list is likely to be restricted to
18+.”

“Oh, you know it already?”

Hmm. . . I want Sara to laugh, but I also want to give them something
emotionally sophisticated. But it might be too late to prepare one.

“By the way, Tomoda got her a pouch as a present. It’s a pouch with a
simple and cute design, I was sick of hearing her talking about it with
that smug face.”

“Tomoda-san is. . !”

This is awful, I have one less choice.

A pouch is surely a passable gift. Sara also likes simple designs, so
she will love a “Straightforward and cute design”.

“You should just pick it together.”

The president was suddenly beside me. She said that as she put
additional papers on the desk.

Just when I thought the workload was decreasing. . . Is it a demon? I
feel like it’s futile because the assignments just doesn’t decrease.

No aside from work, back to Sara.

“Then it wouldn’t be a surprise?”

“Isn’t that just for your ego? Wouldn’t it be better for you to choose
it together and get what they really want?”

“I guess that is true. . .”

A friend from my previous life once told me a story. She was given a
diamond ring from a high-priced shop as a proposal, but she didn’t like
it at all. She’d be more happy if the guy brought her along and let her
choose.

This story isn’t a huge deal, but it does show that if you are worried
about giving somebody a gift they wouldn’t like, then obviously it’d be
the best for them to choose something they’d want.

Moreover, picking together means you can go out along with them. Not
only me, but Sara will be happy too! Two birds with one stone!

“Good suggestion, I’ll just invite her out.”

“Yeah, good. I got underwear as a gift last month, but I didn’t want
them at all. Plus the face of the person who gave me it made me not want
to even accept it. . .A present should be something the person wants.”

For some reason, while the president was telling her story, she was also
glaring at Yoko. In response, Yoko simply gave a proud smile. The
persuasiveness is enormous here because she seems to experience it
herself. Though who gives underwear as a gift. . .

“Um, if you don’t want to answer it’s fine, but what kind of underwear
was it?”

My curiosity got the better of me, after a few seconds of mulling over
it, the president said with a bitter heavy face.

“It was a set of bright red lace g-string along with a matching bra.
Moreover, there was a hole in a particular spot.”

“Isn’t that extreme sexual harassment!?”

“I thought it would look good~”

It was more than I’d imagined, but Yoko still defending it made me
speechless. Is this a victim more sexually harassed by Yoko than I am?
Because they are so low on manpower she has to deal with Yoko, or else
she’d be kicked out right away. . .

President please stay strong.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Here is another chapter. I managed to finish it fast, and it seems like
we’ll be seeing a Sara date chapter. Also we’ve hit chapter 20!

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0018_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0020_Chapter.md)

