[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0022_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0024_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 24: Morning Incident

I didn’t know where I was when I woke up. 

I don’t mean to say the classic, a ceiling I didn’t recognize. In the
first place, a ceiling would not be the first thing I see when I sleep
on my side.

What was in front of me was a beautiful girl’s face.

Um, wait a moment. Let’s figure this out.

First of all, I stayed at Sara’s house. We slept together in her bed.
Okay I remember that now- – -The problem is that this does not explain
what is happening.

I am currently being tightly hugged by Sara.

Like a body-pillow, her arms are firmly wrapped to my back, and my lower
half is held tight by her legs. It may be closer to clinging than
hugging.

I then remembered yesterday and the restlessness I felt yesterday. There
was no hug pillow in this room.

Though I vaguely remember there was a cute stuffed toy pillow still on
the side of the bed. It was a plain room, so the only stuffed animal in
here stood out.

That memory was overwritten by me seeing the beautiful bed scene, so it
didn’t cross my mind until now.

That long stretchy cat body pillow. She must sleep with it every night.
What a lucky pillow! Although perhaps I’m not the one to talk, as I was
now acting as that pillow.

A body pillow. . . I feel like I want to gently tap her shoulder, saying
I’m having a hard time. It’s such a big task to be her body pillow, and
I am not confident in my ability.

I feel like I want to escape from reality, I want to get out of here.
I’m being hugged in bed. I’m in a distance where her body temperature is
being directly felt! There is zero distance!

I want to secure my personal space, but I can’t calm my mind. I don’t
know if I want to praise this or condemn it, whether it’s a blessing or
a curse.

Above all, her face. Of course there is no distance, and her beautiful
sleeping face is less than 10cms from me. It’s a higher resolution than
usual!! And it’s a drawing of a goddess today too ! ! !

It’s not just a good face. A breath was leaking from her slightly opened
lips tickling my face for a while. But it’s strange?

She doesn’t have bad breath!

Due to the structure of humans, the mouth will naturally smell when
waking up. It is physically unavoidable. All humans have bad breath in
the morning. Despite that, her’s doesn’t smell at all. No, it even has a
slightly sweet scent.

Amazing. Perhaps this is also a sub-heroine effect? If so, perhaps I
would like to benefit from it, but why have it?

If you accidently opened your mouth at this close of a distance, you
could startle them with bad breath, and you’d never recover from that
shock. Once I realized it, I was more self-conscious about breathing
through my mouth.

Well, I need to get out of this situation somehow. 

My limbs are firmly held, and if I move even a little, it could disturb
Sara. Besides, my back is touching the wall. It’s impossible to retreat
that way.

In other words, the only way out is to get her to release me, while also
keeping her undisturbed.

Of course, I will not let her wake up. I want her to naturally wake up.
I will protect this healthy sleeping face.

First off, let’s solve my legs. Without that I can’t get my upper body
to escape.

Because both of us were wearing shorts, unlike my upper body, her
bareskin was meeting mine, which is also making it hard to calm down.
It’s dangerous if I don’t quickly leave.

Gently – Gently. Don’t move her right foot, don’t give her a stimulus. I
looked at her expression carefully. After who knows how long, I was able
to get my legs free though sweaty.

All I have to do is untie her arms! It should be less difficult!
Fortunately Sara is still sleeping peacefully, and there are no signs of
her waking up. Now is the time to get out.

There are two possible routes. Wiggle my way down, or gently untie her
arms.

I’d prefer to escape going down, however there will be a time when
Sara’s chest goes into my face. I felt like it’d be best to avoid that.

Sara’s in deep sleep, so even if I move her arm just a little it
shouldn’t wake her up. I can do it, I have confidence after I’ve
finished my detangle leg mission! I can do it! 

Believing that, I slowly twisted her body, and moved Sara’s arms to the
side, gradually releasing her arms from me, and eventually releasing my
body.

My goal is so close. Just a little more- – !

“Hmm. . .”

Sara’s beautiful eyebrows moved along her moody growl. That next moment
I thought it was over, but the unrevealed arms came back and tightly
hugged me.

I’m fine with that, I’m just back to square one. The problem was that
her position had changed. Her head has moved to between my chest, her
face is now between my breasts. What more, her smooth legs have broken
in between my legs now, as if trying to go deeper between.

“Sara. . .! I’m sorry, I give up, I give up! Excessive contact! Over my
limit! Please Get up, get up!!!”

I couldn’t say that I would protect that sleeping face anymore. I cried
out in surrender. No more. The heat that spread before was more powerful
as it swam through my body. I had to sound the alarm and wave the white
flag. 

Sara jumped awake after hearing my cries. The embarrassed feeling was
clear after waking up. And the apology war inevitably continued.

“I-I usually sleep with that pillow ! ! !”  

The example body pillow that was stored in the closet was shown. It’s
only natural that she’d do that after usually sleeping with that.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

So a small bed time incident chapter. I wonder if this will have an
impact on the plot soon, or just a fun little thing. 

Like if you did

Also thank you to Fudge and LouisJac. The rare two tip. I greatly
appreciate it, and I’m glad you both are enjoying the story! 


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0022_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0024_Chapter.md)

