[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0025_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0027_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 27: The Encounter

It was inevitable. I had to prepare for this. 

I cannot escape this forever. Destiny is always looming, waiting for the
time to strike. Somewhere in my heart, I knew it would happen. A stress
that never left my heart.

But that moment is here.

Aoi, Sara, Koharu and I. All the main characters of “Fragmented
Rhapsody” are here. Yes, Koharu is also here.

Following Aoi was Koharu. Walking with a bitter face.

Her movement towards Sara was reminiscent of her steps during the bad
ending. Reflexively I ushered Sara behind me.

“Hello you two. Did you both come out to play?”

“Yeah, we came to see a movie!”

She said the title of a popular movie, and I gave a simple “Ohh.” in
return. There is a cinema complex on the top floor of this mall, and it
seems those two came to the mall just to use it.

This is bad. It wouldn’t be bad if I was alone, but I didn’t think I’d
meet them with Sara. If it was possible, I never wanted them to meet.

What will Aoi think when she sees Sara? If Koharu had a hunch, I would
need to run away. Sara is simply behind me quiet, but does she feel
anything for Aoi or Koharu? Especially for Aoi.

I have no way of stopping that if she feels it’s her destiny.

“Sugimura-senpai, did you come to hang out with your friend?”

“Yeah, we came for a little shopping.”

It can’t be helped even at this time, I met them face to face. Although
Aoi should not be interested in Sara anymore. At the very least, She
won’t recognize Sara without me there. In the future, even if they meet
in my absence, she wouldn’t bother to approach her.

- –  –  No, I shouldn’t get my hopes up.

Although I blocked the rain encounter. They still met this way. I don’t
want to believe in the game forcing it, it being fate, or anything else
to bring us all back to the original plot. If it is real, I may not be
enough to protect her. Should I have taken an offensive stance? Not just
a defensive one?

In other words, for Aoi “Sara is my precious person, don’t touch them”
and for Koharu, “Neither I nor Sara will interfere with Aoi and Koharu’s
relationship.” Wouldn’t it be better to keep it like that? Doing so may
soften Koharu’s usual attitude towards me.

“I thought you were a different person at first because your hairstyle
was different from usual.”

Oh, a chance to appeal!

“Yes, I have the same hairstyle as this girl today. See, the scrunchie?
Does it look okay?”

Aoi murmured. “Really.” when I turned the scrunchie towards them to show
off. 

Koharu stayed silent. No reaction at all? This is a little difficult.

“You’re on good terms.”

“Yeah. Very.”

“How nice. Do you have something for us both?”

“Well, Shimamoto-san isn’t wearing matching clothes.”

“Man, we don’t have any matching clothes.”

Unintentionally Aoi showed off a dissatisfied pout.

That’s not shocking. I’m simply trying to skip through this
conversation.

“Fufu. No. This time is just special. I don’t wear a lot of matching
outfits with someone. You should get a matching outfit with
Wakashima-san.”

Is that too harsh to say that? I just dismissed her. Though it doesn’t
matter that much. It would be great if you could like me less.

I will not give Sara to you. I won’t let Koharu put her hands on her.

“Tsk–, That sucks.- – – -Anyways, your friend is really an amazing
beauty.”

“I guess so?”

“Yeah, how would I describe it. She has that cool beauty feeling.”

“. . .Eh?”

After hearing that strange description, I turned around to see Sara’s
face. A chill shot down my spine. 

She wasn’t giving her usual cute friendly smile, she had a stoic
expression- – -just like the game. It was the fake beauty I saw many
times in the game.

Why? This is the “Sara who will love Aoi.” from the game, isn’t that?

But the plot is now completely different from the game.

“. . .W-W-Well. We’re done here. Shimamoto-san and Wakashima-san, enjoy
your movie.”

I can’t do anything. I don’t know what’s wrong, but I feel like it’s
completely backfiring.

I wanted to stop Aoi, and in addition I want to leave this situation. I
want to leave as soon as possible. To pull Sara away from her.

I pulled Sara’s by her hand and quickly walked away. Without looking
back, the two of them soon disappeared. . . With Sara’s voice saying
“Shiori-san” Finally I returned to my senses.

“Are you okay?”

She asked me with an anxious expression. She was back to normal.

What was that face earlier? It wasn’t a normal business smile, she
looked like a doll with no emotions. Just remembering it makes me
shiver.

“I’m sorry, I’m okay. . .Um, Sara.”

What did you think of Aoi? I wanted to ask. Could I ask her not to get
involved with those two?

I’d feel relieved to have her answer. “Nothing.” I would want you to
promise not to meet them.

However I’m afraid. If I do that, it could pique Sara’s interest.
Looking at her expression from earlier, I was afraid to make any move.

“. . .Shiori-san?”

In my silence, She called out to me again.

I was still holding her hand, as I said “It was nothing” with a smile.
It was an obvious fake “nothing”. Her well shaped eyebrows remain sunk.

I’m sorry for worrying you. It will be okay. I just did a bad job this
time, but I will properly protect you.

So please continue to smile by my side.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Oh. Here comes the big mystery. I’m really curious about what is
happening. And is that also affecting Koharu. What would she be like if
separated from Aoi? Also sorry to say, but expect the next chapter to
take a little longer than the usual 2-3 days. Going to be uh, busy.

**Oh another thing to note is the conversation part of this chapter. It
gave me the biggest headache trying to understand who was talking/what
they were talking about. I tried my best, but still, I’m sorry if it
isn’t super coherent or** accurate.

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0025_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0027_Chapter.md)

