[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0029_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0031_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 31: The Orthodox Heroine

(Wakashima Koharu) The Orthodox : Childhood Friend Heroine.

A cute, gentle, and family oriented girl. From the protagonist’s
perspective, she isn’t that self assertive, and she can sometimes be
cutely jealous.

(Wakashima Koharu) was the standard heroine template in any game.

Except for the yandere shown at the bad ending of the Sara route.

However the orthodox heroine basically has no unique personality.
Although it is a Yuri game, that vanilla heroine template is created as
a man’s ideal partner all crammed into a single character. It makes it
hard to feel anything for the character. Perhaps it’s so basic, if you
polish the image of an average girl with a shiny finish, she would
become an orthodox heroine.

“Well, that’s only because it’s seen from Aoi’s eyes, it seems that the
actual Koharu is very different.”

She takes pride as an iron defense stalker. I never thought of her as an
ordinary pretty girl from the beginning because of that fact. I wish
that wasn’t the case. 

(Koharu) from the start of the game has a high degree of love for the
protagonist. Because of that, if you don’t lower her love score and
instead simply raise the liking of other heroines, you will only reach a
Koharu ending. So it is a character that was very unpopular with some
users.

She really likes Aoi anyways you look at it, her world revolves around
Aoi.

So because of that, she massively hates me. It’s most likely if not
definitely related to Aoi liking me. As Yoko has pointed out, Aoi for
some reason is fond of me. So I can expect that is the reason. Perhaps
even in the game, a catfight between “Koharu” and “Shiori” happens
without Aoi’s knowledge. If so, I wish I had seen that scene!

“I want to ask her the specific reason she hates me. After that, I want
to reassure her about my feelings towards Aoi. I want to let her know I
am not a rival. I wonder if I could even cooperate with her?”

I don’t know how much we will talk, but I want to get as much
information across as possible. I wish I could remember more info about
the game. However the Koharu route is so vanilla and a facade. There is
no useful information I can get, so it’s pointless.

Although “Sara” in the game was stabbed in the bad ending, I don’t know
why “Shiori” wasn’t. If I was in her position, why would you go for a
student that is in a different school and you know nothing about, rather
than “Shiori”, who is in the same school and would be lovey dovey with
the person you like in front of you. 

“For now, let’s be careful. I don’t want that blade coming out during
our next talk. I’m not dating Aoi, so it should be okay?”

I tried to be brave like a manga character, but as the anxiety grows, it
seems nearly impossible.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Koharu is always with Aoi on weekdays, so it might seem unnatural if she
wasn’t around, and on Sunday I have plans with Sara. So our talk was
naturally set to Saturday.

The most troublesome thing was the place to meet, but she decided to
meet up at the school chapel.

The chapel is not open to the public, but as students we are free to
enter and leave at any time during the day. There aren’t many people on
the weekends, and there is only one entrance so we would notice
immediately if somebody walks in. It’s a perfect place for a secret
talk. The only problem is I can’t scream for help if I’m stabbed. . .But
I believe. I believe in Koharu! !

In an empty chapel, I waited for her to come. 

The air is stale, and it’s dead silent. The room feels somehow sacred.
I’m afraid of being too loud. Despite the fact I don’t believe in god, I
mysteriously feel the urge to pray.

Wait, wasn’t Jesus Christ stabbed in the rib? This place may be
foreboding.  

I was gazing at the decorated cross, when a person walked in from the
entrance. Of course, it was Koharu.

“Sorry for making you wait.”

“It’s fine, it’s still before the meeting time. Thank you for coming.”

“No, I just didn’t want you to follow me to the toilet again.”

“Ahaha. . .”

I responded with a difficult smile, while she simply turned her gaze. I
still think it was bad to ask her out all of the sudden, but it couldn’t
be helped, this may be the only chance I get. It’d be bad to do this
again, and to be rushing her in the bathroom again.

“Let’s just get to the main topic. What did Senpai want to ask me?”

Koharu sat on the nearby seat as she spat that out. She wants no
unnecessary chatter. I’m glad she wants to talk, but she still doesn’t
have any intention of getting along with me.

“Okay, let’s get to the main premise. You romantically like
Shimamoto-san, is that right?”

“. . . .Yes, but that’s it.”

“And because of that, you hate me because Shimamoto wants to get
involved with me, correct?”

I interrupted Koharu who tried to say something and continued to say
that. Her mouth then unpleasantly distorted. Oops, I didn’t intend to
upset her too much today.

But I’ve mentioned it the other day, so it shouldn’t have been
offensive. Shouldn’t she have expected it? I needed to say it.

“I don’t have any romantic feelings towards Shimamoto-san, rather they
aren’t my type. I want to say this first, Because I am not your rival. I
want you to feel relieved.”

I needed to say that first. Koharu had a moody face, but the atmosphere
seemed to have softened after stating that.

That seems to be the biggest concern.

Or rather, I don’t hate Aoi. I simply just don’t want to get involved.

“I hate hate that, but I also like to hear that.”

“Well, does Wakashima-san actually like me?”

“Ah, no. Sorry.”

“I know, but I kinda feel annoyed to be told like that.”

We might be able to get along, so I tried to create a smile from our
exchange, but she reacted like a dead fish. Unfortunately it doesn’t
seem like we can have a friendly talk.

“So do you know why she likes me so much? I have no idea at all.”

“If I knew I would have already imitated it.”

“I see. . . I really didn’t want to get involved. I’d prefer to just
watch love bloom.”

Is that too crazy to say? It’s unmistakably a fact.

Watching romance, rather than doing it myself. I think my thoughts
around this particular thing was what was really poisoned by the
memories of my previous life. When I remembered my other life, I thought
it would never happen. No, I’m not thinking about being alone for the
rest of my life, but I don’t have to hurry and find a lover. I’m only 16
years old.

“I’ll need to ask though. Did she say she likes me?”

“. . .I haven’t heard it directly, but I’m sure she is interested.”

“Why is that?”

“Because I know Aoi-chan more than anyone else.”

She said that clearly in a serious tone.

“Aoi-chan gets along well with everyone, and she is curious about all
kinds of people, but for you- – -Senpai in particular, her interest is a
different enthusiasm.”

“Enthusiasm. . .?”

“I can’t say it specifically, it’s rather instinctually, but it’s
definitely different when compared to others. I’m not as smart as
Senpai, and I have nothing to do with it, but you can see the change in
Aoi-chan.”

Little by little, Koharu talks more about it. Apart from her usual
indifference, she began to talk with fervor.

Her eyes were pointed at me, but her gaze wasn’t. She wasn’t looking at
me, but rather the memory and image of Aoi in her head. I don’t exist to
her.

“I would like to know why Senpai. Because we are both girls, I thought
it was unavoidable that I wouldn’t be able to convey my feelings to
Aoi-chan. Besides, even if I couldn’t be Aoi-chan’s special person, I
could put up with it, because there would be no way I could even have
the chance- – -But if Aoi is interest in a member of the same sex,
that’s a different story.”

Her words gradually began to be more passionate. Giving up, sadness,
resentment, and jealousy. All of them entwined in her words.

If these emotions swell more and more, would they turn black. Would she
turn her resentment towards me?

“I only have Aoi-chan. . .”

Strangey, it ended with a confession from Koharu.

She felt so much towards someone, and was scared to have her whole world
taken from her. In a small way, it was an enviable spot.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

So the emotions have come out, the cards are on the table, and we now
know for sure Aoi has some kind of interest in Shiori, and Koharu is
pissed. Next chapter the talk will continue.

Like if you did:


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0029_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0031_Chapter.md)

