[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0031_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0033_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 33: Repentance

R18 content that is set in school, is usually in a classroom, infirmary,
P.E warehouse, etc. Those are often spots for those kinds of scenes, but
I always had mixed feelings about those scenes. First of all, it’s not
hygienic at all. They can’t take a shower, and you have to carelessly
move in the P.E storage room, along with the dust while you are touching
your precious person. And then there is the danger of starting in a
place where you do not know when or who will come in. You could kiss at
least to your heart’s content. While having the moe to your heart’s
content.

However in the case of the game, it is possible to dismiss it “because
it is fiction”, but now it is before my eyes, so I wouldn’t say it’s a
good idea.

I heard the sound of the windows opening, and the use of deodorant spray
from inside the room, and at that time I felt that the room was back to
normal. I’m sure this isn’t the first time.

“Sorry for the wait.”

Yoko peeked out from the door and then fully opened the door as she
beckoned me in. I was a little hesitant, but I can’t escape now. I did
as I was told. The president was sitting in her usual spot, and when our
eyes met, she gave me a feeble forced smile.

“I’m sorry, Sugimure-san. I’ve shown you a disgraceful sight.”

“No, I didn’t see anything, but it’s best to stop doing it here. Also I
won’t tell anyone.”

“Thank you. . .And you are right, we’ll stop.”

Immediately, I felt Yoko next to me lose her breath. I looked to see if
she was okay, but she simply stared at the president with a pale face.
Is she so upset about being told not to do it here anymore? I think it’s
a very natural thing to ask for.

Whether or not she was aware of Yoko’s eyes, the president looked down a
little and tried not to make eye contact. Yoko stared for a while, until
exhaling a little as if she had given up.

“President, isn’t it time for you to leave?”

“Eh?. . .It’s already?”

The president glanced at the clock, and then me, and then the clock.
Alternating as if she was lost on whether or not she had to stay.

“President, I don’t mind. Go if you need to do something. I don’t have
anything we particularly need to talk about.”

“That’s right. I’ll handle the rest.”

“. . .Yoko make sure to reflect on yourself a little more.”

She said goodbye with a small smile, along with a “Then, we’ll have to
talk again Sugimura-san. I’m really sorry for today.” and went out of
the room with her bag.

Yoko and I were left in the room. For a while we both stared at the
door. We listened as the footsteps of the president moved further away.

“. . .Were you surprised?”

“I was. I never would have believed you’d be doing it in the Student
Council Room.”

“Ah, that’s what you were surprised about?”

Yoko said in an exhausted voice.

“Wouldn’t you be more surprised by the fact it’s two women in the first
place?”

“I don’t care about that. You simply have to choose your time and place
correctly, then you can do it as much as you want.”

If I’m honest, I prefer it. As a Yuri Otaku myself.

You can love each other to your heart’s content. I simply want to be the
mob character watching over the two.

“Ahaha, that reaction was quite unexpected, but well, it is Shiori. Also
you have Sara-chan.”

“What does Sara have to do with this?”

“I think you like her.”

“As a friend, as a person. I don’t harbor any romantic feelings.”

First Koharu and now Yoko. Today is a day of misunderstanding. 

“I’m good. I’m just glad I found you first before it was somebody else.
It would be bad if a teacher found out. If you love each other, think
properly about the time and place.”

“Ah- yeah. I’m glad it was Shiori. . .But it should be okay. I probably
won’t be holding the president any longer.”

“Eh?”

Why is that? Isn’t it too extreme to say that? Even if you can’t do it
at school, it doesn’t mean you can’t do it anymore.

Certainly high school couples will have a hard time finding a place to
love each other. You often have parents or siblings at home, and you
can’t use a hotel. It will especially be difficult for women.

But I think it’s a bit too extreme to not do it at all.

“I’m sorry, but could you listen to my troubles. It’s my penitence.”

“Penitence?”

“Yes. I couldn’t tell anyone for a long time. . .However, I’m tired of
holding it in.”

A weak smile was all Yoko had.

Is it okay for me to know about this just because I happened to be here?
It’d be a lie if I said I wasn’t curious, but revealing such a secret
also means I need to hold it close.

It’s scary. However, if she is asking, it must be okay. For me and for
Yoko.

“Okay, I will listen.”

“Thank you. .. But where should I start?”

Yoko looked up to the ceiling with her arms crossed. I waited silently
for a couple of minutes. After a while she managed to collect her
thoughts. She uncrossed her arms, and said.

“I know I caused some confusion. First of all, Shiori thinks the
President and I are dating, however that’s not the case.”

I couldn’t help but leak my surprise.

That was an unexpected twist. I just thought I found two people in love
sharing a special place. However they were just friends with benefits? I
was already almost convinced, however Yoko’s next words shoved me.

“The President has a boyfriend. In fact she went to go see him right
now.”

I’m so sorry, I can’t keep up. Could you explain it from the start?

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

So the story got darker. Well drama now. We couldn’t have Yuri that
wasn’t tainted by some darkness. We’ll have to see if it truly is just
friends with benefits, or if the president is just taking advantage of
Yoko.

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0031_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0033_Chapter.md)

