[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0032_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0034_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 34: A Warning

So the President has a boyfriend, but she is also in a relationship with
Yoko.

The words, NTR, Sex friends, Cheating, all came to mind. Though for now
I held my tongue and listened to Yoko.

“I’ve known the president since Junior High School. We were both in our
school’s student council. Since then I’ve always loved her.”

That’s surprisingly straightforward? Yoko simply shrugged.

“When I entered this school, I was immediately dragged into the student
council by the president. I was happy she remembered me, and since then
I brazenly went in and out of the council room. It was last year, in
fall, that I heard she had a boyfriend.”

“. . .Oh.”

“I was shocked, but I thought it couldn’t be helped. It was a love that
could never be. And like before, I was just going to be by her side as
her close junior.- – -Until that day I held her for the first time.”

Yoko looked at the ceiling with somber eyes. She was most likely
remembering those days. It looked painful, I wanted to tell her it was
enough, but before that she continued.

“I heard that the president wasn’t getting along with her boyfriend. The
cause was apparently their “Body Compatibility ”. I didn’t know what it
meant, however they just couldn’t with the other person. I heard that
there were talks with the other senpai that they had no other choice but
to break up. . .When it was just the two of us, I carelessly said. “Why
not try it with me?””

“So bold.”

“Is it bold, or just stupidity? I still don’t know why I said that! But
the President was probably cornered. Two days later, she said she wanted
to try.”

What were you feeling to even want to give it a try?

What kind of feelings did you even want to try?

What kind of resignation did you have to even say that?

I can’t really ever understand, because I am only chasing the love part
of a story. However I could easily imagine that it would have taken a
lot of courage.

“Well, I guess after that. We ended up being a good match. The president
got a body that she felt compatible with, and I was able to hold the
person I loved. A win-win. . . I wish it had just ended there.”

She gave a dry laugh in self-deprecation, as tears began to grow in the
corners of her eyes. Her face began to distort. There was a side of her
that she had never shown to anyone, We’ve only seen her always smiling
face.

I instinctively attempted to extend my arm, but I stopped. Right now I
have no comfort to give, or words to say. I just shut up, and waited for
her story to continue.

“It’s heartbreaking, and it’s painful, but I can’t tell anyone this. . !
Even though I was thinking that I had to stop, I just couldn’t muster
the courage! I liked the touch, so I couldn’t let go of this
relationship. . . Despite us doing this stuff, she managed to have a
peaceful relationship with her boyfriend. . . She’d simply leave after
we embraced to see him. . . I can’t even have a love affair with her!
It’s like I’m just a substitute for sex toy. . .A lubricate for their
relationship! I just look like an idiot!?!”

She began fully crying, lightly quivering, as she leaned over the desk
with both hands tightly squeezing the rim.

“I ! No matter how many times I held her, that never escapes my mind! I
was frustrated that someone who’s face I didn’t even know or name was
doing whatever he wanted with her! I was losing my mind. Moreover, right
after we just embraced! I was so jealous of him!”

“Uh, you have to calm down.”

“I can’t talk about this without losing my temper! I know I was probably
expecting it to go somewhere. If we continued, maybe she would someday
turn around and look at me. That’s impossible though. What could a sex
toy expect!. . .Ah, but it’s over. The president said “ We will stop”,
and I’m going to end this relationship.”

“Oh. . .”

At that time that’s why she was so upset? That’s why she said. “I won’t
be holding the president any longer.”

–   – Is this how they wanted to end it?

I don’t know if they were just “finished” or “finally finished” .
However, I could see that my friend’s feelings were cutting her as she
tried to end it. I wondered how the president felt about this.

I couldn’t forgive her if she really only thinks about Yoko as some good
sex toy.

“I’m glad you found us. We couldn’t finish it ourselves. If we dragged
on this relationship we would have someday been found out, and it would
have caused a huge fallout. So thank you.”

“You’re welcome. . .?”

Is it okay to say that? I created an opportunity and forced it to end.

You had a partner you liked so much you couldn’t cut them off even if
the relationship was so messed up. You didn’t think it’d be a good
ending.

You have the resolve now, but are you just saying that? In either case,
someday- – – As soon as possible, I hope you can find your way out, from
the bottom of my heart.

“I can’t keep chasing a love that won’t ever be returned. I have to be
positive. . . So how about it? How about being my next love? I have said
before, I like your face.”

“You. . . I definitely refuse.”

Even giving a strong face, I was relieved to see her smile as usual,
though it became more disappointing as the seconds passed.

You just had your heart broken by doing that, don’t pursue another woman
right away. Especially me.

“Ahaha, I was rejected again. Well, Shiori already has Sara-chan.”

“This again? But Sara is-”

“Your friend, right?”

“Yeah, that’s right.”

She scowled lightly as if she knew something, and said with a bitter
smile. “Well listen.”

“You say Sara-chan is just a friend, but you don’t look like that.”

“Earlier somebody also told me that too. They saw us together, and
thought we were dating.”

“Yeah, it’d look like that. Actually I don’t know what that looks like.
But I want you to think closely about one thing. If she had a boyfriend,
could you really, from the bottom of your heart, celebrate for her?
Would you be okay with that?

“That. . .”

Wouldn’t that be the wish fulfilled? I wanted to protect Sara. I’ve been
at her side since spring to make sure she wouldn’t fall in love with Aoi
and not be stabbed by Koharu in the bad ending.

I was just thinking about protecting her until someday someone who could
protect her appeared.

Therefore, it should be okay. . . So why. Why can’t I immediately
answer?

“Even if you are just friends, wouldn’t you feel lonely having your
close friend always spending time with her boyfriend? So I don’t think
you completely celebrate. That has a limit though, if you have more than
just friends feeling, you should properly try and face those feelings. .
. I say this as a professional idiot who fell in love. If you realized
it too late, wouldn’t you be sad?”

“. . . I’ll think about it.”

Sara, and Me? No, it’s different. It has to be different. This feeling
is not love. 

She is my close friend, a cute little sister, a pupil, and also–

(Shiori-san!)

I remembered the constant smile she’d given me. My chest tightened, by
that dazzling always healing smile.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

A more heavy chapter. A really messed up relationship. Hopefully there
is some good closure for them, or something. Now Shiori has to deal with
some heavy questions. 

I wonder how the president feels about all this? She has to have
realized Yoko loves her.

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0032_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0034_Chapter.md)

