[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0034_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0036_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 36: A Wish

“Could we talk this lunch break?”

The president came to my classroom the first thing in the morning. She
asked me to spend our lunch break together. Now I’m facing the president
in the student council room. She said she wanted to talk to me again, so
I knew this meeting would eventually happen, but I was still caught off
guard.

The Presiden suddenly deeply bowed as soon as the door to the student
council room closed, saying. “I’m sorry”. It was an example of a good
apology, with a beautiful bow.

“Um, let us please stop this. I accept your apology. We don’t have much
time, so could we continue our talk?”

“Thank you, I certainly don’t have much time. I wish we could have talk
after school, but people gather around here after school. Plus it’s time
consuming to finish the after school task. Lunch was the only break we
had any decent free time. . .”

“It’s fine, we can talk quickly, Yoko has already told me most of the
story.”

“Ah, is that so. . . What did Yoko say?”

I was full of words, but I couldn’t say them. Her crying from being
treated like a sex toy. Plus I don’t know if Yoko’s love is visible, and
I wonder how much she knows.

“How you both got into that relationship.”

“Ah. . .”

The President nodded and gave a troubled smile.

She certainly didn’t want others to know that her boyfriend wasn’t
compatible with her.

“If you already talked about it, and heard most of it. . .What do you
think?”

“If possible, I’d like to ask what kind of relationship with Yoko you
plan on having now. Are you planning on continuing it?”

“Ah- That’s right? Um, I wonder what should happen?”

Her smile was gone, she stared with a serious air and a truly troubled
face. From what I heard from Yoko, I was angry about how the President
treated her, but I won’t understand it fully until I hear both sides.

My relationship with the president is brief, but she probably isn’t a
bad person. So part of me is hoping a little that there is a
misunderstanding or something is missing.

The President sat down and crossed her legs. It’s a rare side of the
president. The president who always acted elegant, was showing a rare
fragile side.

Fuu, she gave a small exhale, without looking at me, she began to
quietly speak.

“I think you heard it already, but originally I did not enjoy sex with
my boyfriend. When we started dating in the fall, we had sex in the
winter. People were touting sex as if it was the most wonderful thing in
the world, so I thought I had to be proactive. I was ashamed to say
this, but I didn’t feel comfortable with him at all.”

“. . .Huh.”

She talked very frankly, but how should I respond? I want to hear it for
myself, but I’m a little troubled to be honestly told such private
things.

“But, I didn’t want to hurt his pride. So I secretly confided with my
classmates who had boyfriends that it wasn’t that good, it was then Yoko
happened to hear it. Then exclaiming “Ecchi Practice! Practice with me
as a trial!””

“Eh, what? That moron. So lightly! She didn’t tell me that part.”

It was different from what I heard! No, I didn’t ask for the details,
but how Yoko said it made it clear.

She just lightly invited her. Of course it’d be “Let’s become friends
with benefits☆!”

Of course she wouldn’t take it seriously! Geeze, You can’t feel
sincerity at all.

“Yeah, well Yoko has always been that kind of kid. . .But I’ve always
liked that about her.”

“. . .Hm? Um, I’m sorry? What kind of like?”

“. . . . It’s in the sense that I love her. Even now.”

“Eh!?!”

No, no no. With Yoko? Do you both have feelings for eachother? So she is
her favorite rather than a sex toy? 

Congratulations my friend. Be happy for a long time. Good luck with all
the Yuri!

–   – Wait a minute. The President has a boyfriend, right? Despite
embracing each other many times and liking Yoko, why is she still with
her boyfriend?

“Your confusion is written all over your face.”

“Uh, yeah. Then if you like Yoko, why are you still dating your
boyfriend?”

“Well, about that. How should I say it? I broke up with him a long time
ago.”

“Eh!?”

She broke up with him a long time ago.

So if the President and Yoko both have feelings for eachother, and the
president doesn’t have a boyfriend, there is no problem anymore. If
either one confessed they’d happily tie all loose ends. The birth of a
Yuri Romance.

Congratulations! Let’s build a wonderful Tower of Yuri here.

“How about confessing. . .?”

“I won’t. Even if it’s mutual, I won’t go out with her.”

“Why!?”

My newly built Yuri tower collapsed in an instant.

I don’t get it. If you like each other, you should go out with each
other. This person, why at the last second are you spouting that?

The President’s attitude did not change despite my blaming gaze. It
wasn’t neutral, but a troubled, resigned expression much more mature for
her age.

–   – Oh, I see. It’s the face of an adult that has become used to
giving up.

“I am the only daughter of a so-called established family. Even if I
love a woman, I’ll have to take a husband in the future. Even if I get
together with my favorite person we will eventually break up. I went out
with my ex-boyfriend just to try and get used to being with guys. . . I
used to think I could give love a try, but now it’s fruitless to have
romance with a time limit.”

“In that case, I wish you hadn’t taken Yoko on her offer from the
beginning.”

“I know. . .  But could you stand it? A carrot dangling in front of you,
you know it’d be so delicious, but you can’t just take a bite. I didn’t
like having sex with my ex-boyfriend, but her.”

“It’s natural? To like it?”

I really hate that grown-up face on the president as she gave a little
smile. She is still in high school, why does she have that face? Why
those lightless eyes?

It can’t be helped, it is what it is, it doesn’t work out, useless to
resistance, there is no choice but to give up. Why is a teenage girl
harboring all that. It’d have a terrible impact when she becomes an
adult.

This won’t do. I don’t want to do it. But I am a Yuri otaku, I love
happy endings!!

“Why are you handling her so half-heartedly? You’re saying all this
wisdom, yet you got Yoko involved, hurt her, and then threw her away for
your own convenience. Isn’t that selfish!”

“. . .I know.”

“At Least say you broke up with your boyfriend! Can’t you say even that!
Tell her the insecurities she has aren’t real. Though the president only
wanted to eat delicious food!? Even if it meant you lied and hurt your
favorite person, you just wanted whatever, so you irresponsibly took
it.”

“You’re right! I’ve always put myself in a distant safe spot, while
hurting Yoko! I’ve trampled over that child’s dignity! I thought I
couldn’t hold her anymore if I didn’t have that excuse it was for my
boyfriend. I’ve been lying the whole time! !”

The president’s cry echoed in the student council room.

She breathed heavily as that expression of resignation was still dark,
but it was better than before. 

She was holding a lot in.

“Sometimes I think Yoko also likes me. Every time I want to confess my
true feelings, she’d add “To Spice up with your boyfriend” And give me
dangerous underwear. I can’t help but wonder if I’m mistaken.”

Hey hey, Yoko. I heard about the underwear, but you didn’t have to add
those extra words.

Yoko was conscious to hide her true feelings, and vice versa. So this
would also complicate the relationship between the two.

“. . . About your family, I don’t know, I am from a normal house. I
can’t be responsible, what the President decides to do in the future.”

I have no interactions or connections with an established house, in my
previous life or this. This is another world. Still the blood from a
historic house may be considerably hard to deal with.

I can’t say that it isn’t irresponsible to stop it. The president could
accept her obligations.

 –   – Even with that being the case, you shouldn’t have your favorite
person suffer. That was the only thing clear.

“President, you say it’s too miserable knowing you’d eventually break
up. Even if you break up oneday, wouldn’t you want to atleast have happy
memories? If you have those memories, you could do your best during hard
times.”

“. . .I never thought about it like that.”

“Well then. Think about it. It’s up to you to decide what to do from now
on.”

Lunch break will soon be over. It was an extremely dense break. 

I felt a strange sense of accomplishment as I began to leave the student
council room. Though what met me as I walked out of the door, was a
slightly red-eyed Yoko crouching to the left side of the door.

“. . .Yo”

She gave me a small right palm wave and a shy smile, but it seems she
heard it all. I didn’t need to look over my shoulder to see the
president’s confused face.

“I didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but I just wanted to keep an eye out for
people. That was the plan, but both of you were quite loud. . .”

“Eh? Well then. What are you doing on the floor?”

“I’m sorry. Oh, Shiori. Tell our teacher that the President and I went
to the nurse’s room, we are taking a rest.”

Yoko stood up, and tapped me on the shoulder, as if I was tapped out.
She then walked into the Student Council room. Beyond her I thought I’d
see the President’s upset face- – -Though what I saw was a mess, her
shaking yet she smiled lightly.

“Oh yeah, Excess skinship is banned.”

“I understand. Um, please treat me well.”

Yoko waved her hands, as she slowly closed the old and heavy door.

Well then, the rest is up to those two kids. Hopefully their conclusion
could lead to a happy future.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

It’s a bit of a bittersweet conclusion? I wonder if they will actually
stay together in the long run. Or will the president eventually give in
to her family. 

Regardless it was solved pretty quickly, just needed somebody on the
outside. And in a story sense, it got Shiori to think about her
relationship with Sara.

Like if you did:

Thank you Sleffy for the tip and kind words. I really appreciate it! 


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0034_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0036_Chapter.md)

