[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0035_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0037_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 37: Not as Bad it Seemed

It was mid-July. The finals are over, the rainy season is coming to an
end, and everyone is awaiting summer vacation. I was also a little
impatient.

“What should we do for our Art exhibition?”

On the way I asked Yoko that simple question as we walked to the
clubroom. I’m so nervous that I asked someone who I know won’t give me a
decent answer.

It was for the school festival coming up. Although I had a drawing last
year, I have no idea what to do now. Probably because I dedicated my
head space to other things, including helping the student council this
year.

“If we’re talking about art, How about a nude portrait! A
self-nude-portrait. . .”

“Rejected.”

I knew it was pointless to ask her. Or rather, is it okay to tattle that
to the President? I really want her to be scolded for this consistent
behavior.

Eventually our prattle carried us to the art room. Several members were
already there, including Aoi and Koharu.

“Oh, well. Sara-chan! That girl would be a good model, right?”

“. . .A nude Sara?”

I glared at her, wondering what punishments would be fit, though she
quickly said “ No, no it’s different, A normal portrait. Geeze, you
jumps to conclusions.” The punishment changed from cigarette burning, to
burning at the stake. This bad friend has no right to complain.

“Sure, Sara would be the best model, but unfortunately I don’t have the
drawing skills to express her cuteness.”

“Yeah yeah. As usual you’re gushing over your crush.”

“I’m not gushing, I’m stating a fact. Ah, I wish I had that ability to
draw her. . . I wonder what everyone else is drawing.”

I placed my bag at my usual spot, and went to see what the other members
were doing. Not all members were painting, but still a majority were
making some kind of picture, although the differences were in water
colors and oil paintings, however 80% of our members were drawing a
picture.

Looking at other’s, their progress varies from one to another. Some were
almost finished, others just begun.

“Ah, this picture is good.”

“It’s really beautiful. The lighting is very nice.”

We both noticed a watercolor painting.

The picture was of a cherry blossom tree in full bloom, it was awfully
tranquil and delicately painted, yet it still had a marvelous presence.

When I looked behind the painting to see their name, it said “Koharu
Wakashima ” a slightly peculiar character! I involuntarily said “Eh,
Wakashima-san!?”

“Did you call for me?”

Koharu was close to our vicinity, and replied in a cold voice. No, I
didn’t mean to call for you, you didn’t do anything wrong. It is a bit
awkward seeing as I looked at her painting without permission.

Regardless, did Koharu paint this? She has a surprising talent.

“I’m simply surprised, Wakashima-san’s painting is so beautiful. You
weren’t in the art club in junior high, correct?”

“Correct, I was in home economics.”

“Is that so? This painting is really good. I can see the expression of
the gentle spring sunshine beautifully with the short lived atmosphere
of the cherry blossoms. The cherry blossom motif fits your name.”

Oh there is a small silhouette of a girl’s back by the tree, is that
Aoi? Perhaps that’s what Koharu wanted to draw the most. She was looking
up at the cherry blossoms while her palm was out to catch the falling
petals.

“Thank you. . . Very much.”

 She thanked me with a confused expression, perhaps she didn’t expect me
to praise her.

“Koharu-chan is really good! She is super talented!”

“No, that’s not. . .”

“You don’t need to be humble. Right Shiori?”

“Yeah, she’s very talented.”

Koharu was stunned as Yoko and I alternately gave her praise. Her eyes
swam with a subtle reaction, she seemed bashful and confused. 

She didn’t know what to do.

“Hah, I don’t know what I should do, I’m not used to being praised. . .”

“Ahaha, you should just accept it.”

“Just say thank you and smile.”

“Oh, thank you very much. . .”

She turned red and thanked us, along with her smile that gave her an
age-appropriate appearance. Aoi, who was behind her, hugged her from
behind and said “Geeze, I’m always complimenting you.” with a slightly
lonely tone.

“Ah, Aoi-chan is different.”

“Ehh?”

I’m a little relieved to see that they’re good friends. Both Yoko and
Koharu said Aoi was obsessed with me, but I really want Koharu to
fulfill her long lasting love. It looks like a friendly relationship, so
there seems to still be a good chance.

“I heard Senpai mention the name earlier, is Sara-chan the girl we saw
with Sugimura-senpai?”

Aoi asked me.

It’s over. Despite them being a little far away, I carelessly said
Sara’s name in a place where Aoi and Koharu were. An unpleasant chill
went down my heart, a pang hit my soul.

“Yes, that’s right.”

“As I thought. She was a pretty girl.”

“Huh, you met Sara-chan?”

Yoko asked, Aoi gave a grand nod and replied. “Yes, we randomly met them
the other day.”

“Well, the 4 of us met the other day, I thought we could all have lunch,
but Senpai left so quickly.”

“Well, You couldn’t get in the way of her date. That would be rude.”

“Eh, it was a date!? She is your girlfriend?!”

Aoi turned to me with an astonished expression, I denied it saying “It’s
different, Yoko is just saying things again.”

From what I heard from Koharu, I thought Aoi might have misunderstood my
relationship with Sara. However it was an unfounded worry. 

“What! You got me! Well then, soon one of these days you should go on a
date with me!”

“. . . . . . . . If the opportunity arises.”

“Ahahahaha, Don’t give that reluctant face~! Yeah, then I’m looking
forward to that opportunity!”

I can’t help but look reluctant, and you are saying you’re looking
forward to it!? This positive monster, she is strong.

I replied with “If the opportunity arises.” with consideration, but it
might have been okay if I simply rejected it.

“Ah, that’s right. Senpai, have you heard the ghost stories for the old
school building?”

Aoi completely changed the topic as she brought up rumors.

It is summer, and even the first years are hearing about those rumors.
The seven mysteries of a school are spreading. 

There are many ghost stories about the old building’s basement storage
room, and the stairs leading to it.

Because of its long history, it has increased to around 20 mysteries
instead of seven mysteries. Most of the ghost stories are in the old
school building. Several other club members got involved adding what
they heard.

“I heard that there is a storage room that doesn’t open.”

“Also the stairs leading there go down and down, you can’t ever reach
the basement.”

“I heard if two people go in together, you can’t get out unless you
kiss.”

“Eh, what the!”

There were a lot of different rumors mixed together, and the other
students by us bursted into laughter.

I never heard of that story. Probably the “You can’t leave this room
without doing X” template, it’s popular on SNS with any seven
mysteries. 

It’s quite interesting seeing the mysteries increasing as the time goes
on.

“Ah, actually it’s different. I know the origins.”

It was the well informed Yoko who chimed in.

“Several years ago, two friends were obviously into each other, but both
didn’t confess. So their friends wanted to meddle and bring them
together. So they tricked them and locked them in the basement
warehouse, saying. “You both can’t leave until you confess.”“

“Eh, they were both girls, right?”

“That’s right. Well, the friends were listening outside for their
confession, and after they heard it they opened the door to give
congratulations. However when the door opened, they found them kissing,
and that’s how the rumor of them not being able to leave without kissing
comes from.”

“Ahahah, that’s so awkward!”

“Well, maybe. That might be the source of the rumor.”

The tension in the room slightly rose after hearing the hidden Yuri
ghost story. I see, such a yuri event happened a few years ago! I wish I
could have seen it in real time.

It’s a girls’ school, and I feel like there are other romances I could
find, but there unexpectedly none openly dating. Regarding my generation
in my past life, I just imagined that the younger generation would be a
little more open about it.

Also it is a Yuri game’s world, so it’d be nice if there were a little
more Yuri couples.

“The warehouse over there also stores equipment used for the school
festival, so I’ve been there many times last year. It’s hard for the
student council, we have to carry luggage back and forth up the
staircase!”

“Eh, so you aren’t forbidden from going in it?”

“Yeah. Although it makes it harder after hearing those scary stories.”

“Okay, focus class. Everyone, it’s time to stop chatting, and work on
your projects.”

Our club president urged us to go back to work with a clap.

The ending was nice, so everyone who gathered replied with a “Yes,
ma’am.” and focused on their canvases or went to fetch water.

Meanwhile, I was left quietly pale after hearing that addition. I didn’t
know until now, but the fact that there were culture festival equipment
in that storage, and Yoko went in and out many times, means I will need
to do it this year.

Okay, I could do hard work. I’ll do my best in my jersey.

Also I have another thing to add.

That rumor was in the game. Aoi and Koharu had a scene where in order to
confirm the truth they went together after school. It was a courage test
event, and the two heard painful groans, and ran away screaming.

After that, the ghost story remained a mystery, and the highlight of the
event was the two holding hands while returning home. I tried to stay
away from that place as much as possible because I know that. I don’t
like being scared.

Speaking of those two, it seems they are planning actions unusually in
line with the story. I could hear “Let’s go next time” and a “Eh” while
preparing their work. Even if it’s a small event, I would like you both
to go and deepen your bonds.

“Hey, it seems those two are going to try their luck.”

Yoko said with a mischievous smile. Seeing that face gives me a bad
feeling.

“Once we find out the day they go, how about we give them a surprise?”

“What kind of surprise?”

“Well, sticking an Ofuda, and recording an eerie voice on a recorder.”

Yoko happily suggested and the dots in my head began to connect.

–   –  It was you!!

To be exact, it’d be Yoko and “Shiori”, but the voice was from a
recorder. If Koharu and Aoi didn’t run away and went a little further,
they might have met an Ofuda.

The truth behind the ghost, and the mystery of the game was solved.

It wasn’t as bad as it seemed. 

The following week, there were two people who were very excited talking
about a test of courage, and Yoko was there giving me a satisfied thumbs
up.

–  – Wait, what should I do for my art exhibition at the school
festival?

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Another chapter out, this one was a bit longer than usual. And seems
like more of a setup chapter. We’ll have to see if the basement will
come back to haunt Shiori.

Like if you did

Also thank you once again Sleffy! 


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0035_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0037_Chapter.md)

