[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0037_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0039_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 39: Tears

At first it was a simple wish of wanting to help a girl avoid a bad
ending. Once we met again, I thought we didn’t need to stay connected.
However unintentional, that happiness I got from her kindness was
immense.

Before I knew it, I just wanted to protect her from everything that made
her sad. Soon I wanted her to be with me. For her to look at me more
than anybody else.- – – I found myself looking only at her.

When? Why? No matter how I thought about it, I found no answers.

Before I knew it, I was already entranced. That was it.

Digging deeper into the past didn’t change my feelings. I don’t know
what I should do from now on.

The first thing I thought was to keep my distance from her. Summer
vacation is just around the corner. However it may be difficult to not
meet at all, although we are far, it hasn’t stopped me from seeing her
so far. Though perhaps I can use that as an excuse to re-analyze my
situation.

However Sara is surprisingly sharp. She will soon realize that empty
spot besides her. Yoko pointed out how obvious it was. If she notices
that I’m trying to get away from her, she will get hurt. Or on the
contrary, she may notice my feelings.

I want to prevent that.

So the remaining choice is to confess or hide them.

Thinking about confessing makes me scornfully laugh. That would be the
most unlikely option. Also what did I learn from that dream in spring?
Even if Sara is a sub-heroine of a Yuri Game, Sara herself is not gay.
Being in love with Aoi in the game was a tough decision for her, she
simply didn’t want to be lonely. If I confess, She would definitely be
shocked. I’m not fully confident, but now I’m that “Special” person for
Sara. 

She trusts me, relaxed around me, depends on me, we even slept over
together, and now I look at her with romantic feelings, that would
horrify her. She’d be placed in a really difficult spot.

“. . . I have no choice but to hide it.”

If possible, I’d want to make this love come true. Tell her I like her,
and have her truly reciprocate those feelings.

But that’s impossible, I can’t do that, knowing the confession would
lead to a relationship where we are unhappy with each other. I choose to
stay silent, and make her smile without knowing anything.

Both the feelings to cherish Sara and the feeling of greed are both
aspects of love. I want to give her only the cherishing feelings. I want
to be able to protect Sara’s smile.

It’s okay, I can do that well.

I’ve read many Yuri works. I can’t say it was as simple as I thought.
The similarity to a trope is right on. The story of falling in love with
a girl who never thought about the same sex.

But I didn’t know how those girls in the stories felt. I read those
stories countless times and yet I still didn’t realize how hard it’d be.
Do others feel this? The heart wrenching feeling, thinking about getting
their heart broken? How do others forget, and find their next love? If
there is a way to let go of these feelings, please let me know.

My field of view gradually blurred. Before I knew it, it was too late,
and my teardrops wet the floor. I couldn’t stand it anymore. I slumped
onto the ground and silently cried. 

Crying doesn’t help. Nothing will change. It’s pointless to do. Yet they
won’t stop.

How long has it been since I cried? Cried with all my feelings? 

My bag near the sofa made a noise. It was the sound from my trembling
smartphone.

I dragged my numb legs up to attention. I took the phone out of my bag
and checked.

There were five calls from my mother. Reality quickly came back to me. I
checked the time to see it was 8:00pm

–   – Shit!

I’m supposed to be home. I was so upset about my love for Sara that I
forgot to contact my home. How long have I been crying?

I was wondering what excuse I could make, when my smartphone once again
signaled an incoming call. Of course it was my mother.

“H-Hello!”

I reflectively blurted. My mother on the other hand was unexpectedly
laid back “ Ah, Shiori~?”

She wasn’t angry. I had imagined it’d be something like “You are walking
around without contacting me, AT THIS TIME!? Come back right NOW!”

“Um, I’m sorry I didn’t contact you. I was in a hurry so I forgot. . .”

“Honestly, I was worried. Where are you now?”

“I am at Sara’s house. She got a cold so I came to deliver medicines and
other supplies. . .”

That alone shouldn’t have taken me this long.

–   – It’s strange. A little while ago, I was crying as if I saw the end
of the world, but when I heard my mother’s voice I was brought back to
my daily life. The endless tears stopped.

A mother’s powers were too great.

“Ah, Sara-chan, you said she lived alone. Is she okay?”

“Yeah, maybe. She took the medicine and is sleeping now, so I thought of
making her porridge.”

“Eh? Since when could you make porridge? I never cooked it at home.
Don’t practice on the sick.”

“I’m about to hang up!”

Cooking is an innate knowledge for me, it’s from my previous life so my
mother has never seen me cooking. Before my memory returned, I never
helped with cooking, and even after my memories returned I still didn’t
help. It’d seem strange I suddenly got better, so I didn’t dare to help.

She’d think it was a joke if I told her I was teaching Sara how to cook.

“Well, if that’s the case it’s okay to be a little late. Call me before
you leave.”

“Okay, Understood. Thank you.”

“Yeah yeah. Please take good care of Sara-chan. . .Oh one more thing!”

“Hm, what is it?”

Before I could hang up, my mother’s voice jumped up as she remembered
something.

I wonder what it is?

“Summer vacation is coming up, so please spend time at home with us. I
also want to see Sara-chan.”

She said something out of the ordinary.

Mom, wait a minute.

I don’t think you know this, but I just realized my unrequited love for
Sara, this will be pretty awkward.

I was thinking about keeping a little distance during summer vacation,
so why did you have to say this now of all times? Are you a demon?

“Asking a friend to come visit my home during summer vacation. . .”

“I don’t care if Sara-chan isn’t enthusiastic about it, bring her, so
please tell her when she is better.”

My mother hung up in a good mood. I put my smartphone away in a daze.

Ask Sara to come to my home during summer vacation? You have to be
kidding me?

I cried so much before my head hurt, but now I have a headache for
another reason. I wonder if I should keep this from Sara.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

So those feelings hit Shiori hard, and the background info she got from
Sara in that dream didn’t help her. I hope she gets more confident, or
Sara becomes aware of her feelings for Shiori. The ball is now in her
court. May she could find some inspiration in Shiori’s room.

Sorry for the delay. I was busy translating my other story. That didn’t
take a while, but some personal things came up and kept me occupied.

Like if you did

Also thank you Rarzrin for the double donation one from the start and
the next from the end. I’m glad you ended up enjoying the story! More to
come. 

Also thank you Sleffy for the donation once again. Hopefully the chapter
you looked forward to wasn’t too much of a downer lol.

The amount of support I’ve been getting lately has been crazy. I really
appreciate it. Thank you everybody! 


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0037_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0039_Chapter.md)

