[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0038_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0040_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 40: A Promise

My mother is a very bright person. 

She raised my older brother, older sister, and me, along with doing
household chores. Yet she’d still say “I can’t stay indoors all day. I
want to eat delicious Yakiniku with the money I earn!” So she worked
part time moderately, went to the gym two days a week as a hobby with
her friend, and ate yakiniku as she declared. She is a very mobile
woman- – – She has already reached the realm of super mother.

When I took over as Sara’s tutor, I couldn’t afford to not explain where
I was going every week. I told her that we were studying together and
she was living alone. After hearing her family is away, She even told me
to take care of Sara. I’m sure she’s always been interested in her. She
is that kind of person. 

However the timing was really bad! Could it wait at least until I
organize my feelings more? I wasn’t aware of it at all until now, this
is a kick when I was already down.

Running around in my mind has calmed me somewhat. I’m too mentally
tired. I have stopped thinking deeply.

Just think about what to do now, first wash my face, then make the
porridge.

I look terrible right now. It’s obvious I was crying a lot if you see my
face. My nose is bright red and my eyes are swollen. I can’t even go
home If I don’t fix myself.

I looked up online how to clear it up easily. Hot to cold water,
alternating, washing my face with a hand towel several times. I was
relieved that you couldn’t immediately tell that I was just crying. I
believed in the internet and I put it into practice.

I relaxed on the sofa with a steamed towel over my face.

What the hell am I doing? I’m really glad Sara didn’t wake up while I
was tumbling all around.

“Um, this should be good.”

I checked the time, it was already about 8:30pm. I made a quick simple
egg porridge. It was seasoned with white dashi, soy sauce, and mirin. It
contains eggs and green onions in a thin rice porridge. The steaming
porridge looked delicious, and because I’ve been crying so much I want
to eat it.

I brought in a clay pot as a dinner for one. As expected, Sara was still
asleep.

I was a little scared to see her face after going through that, but
perhaps my mental prepping has helped. I felt more calm than when I was
unaware. I felt relieved approaching the bedside, but I sighed a little
when I got to her bedside. Her green eyes met me as her eyes opened
slightly to look at me.

“. . . Shiori-san?”

A sweet pang shot through my heart. It was a fleeting dream to think I
could be calm. All she did was say my name.

I put the porridge on the side table and checked her complexion from a
not too close position. She seemed better than before. The medicine must
have worked.

“Sara, how are you feeling? Do you feel a little better?”

“Yeah, it feels easier to move. Thanks to you.”

“I didn’t do much. I made porridge though, can you eat it?”

“I can! I’m hungry!”

I slowly passed the tray and made sure it would not spill. Sara’s
expression lit up as she took a bite out of the porridge. Saying
“Delicious.”

Speaking of which, since we’ve started with Shogayaki, we’ve cooked a
number of dishes together. However this is the first time Sara has eaten
something I made alone.

My heart is feeling stuffy. The person I like is eating what I made
while saying “Delicious.” 

“Make sure it isn’t too hot before you eat it.”

“Yeah. Oh, Shiori-san, the time. . .”

“It’s okay. I’ve already contacted my house.”

Or rather my home contacted me. . .Oh yeah, I was given a mission.

“Oh I see, that’s good. I’m sorry for taking up your time. Be careful on
your way home.”

“Yeah, thank you. . . Well my mom told me to ask you if you’d like to
come over during summer vacation?”

“Eh? To Shiori-san’s house?”

“That’s right.”

I wish it was something else, unfortunately that’s the only place I have
to take you.

“However, it will be boring if you come. There isn’t anything to do
there.”

“No way. I want to go to Shiori-san’s house.”

“Oh. Well, then. I’ll have to clean up my room.”

“Eh-, is there something you have to hide?”

“Kind of, I think it’s just something I’d usually do.”

It’s mainly hiding the Yuri books lined up on the bookshelves. Even
though I only started reading in spring, it already occupies my entire
bookshelf. Where do I hide those books? Is it safe to put it in a
cardboard box and shove it into the closet?

I couldn’t tell her what I was hiding.

“I want to see your childhood photos.”

“Okay.”

“Were you cute? What kind of child were you?”

“Well, when I was a kid I was always energetically following my older
brother and sister.”

I was a tomboy as a kid. I loved playing outside. I can’t imagine how
much I’m indoors now compared to then. There must be a photo of me
holding a big water gun, or me sinking my teeth into a corncob bigger
than my face.

“Eh, Shiori-san, is the youngest sibling?”

“Yeah, my older brother is seven years older, and my sister is four
years older. Both of them aren’t living at home, so now I’m the only one
there.”

“Wahh, no way! I wish I had an older brother or sister.”

She gave shiny eyes filled with envy. I actually never heard about
Sara’s family structure.

If it was up until yesterday, I would have said “I’m like your older
sister now, right?” But that doesn’t feel very good now. I don’t feel
like talking about it.

“There must be a picture of the three of us together, I’ll look for it.”

“Thank you! I’m looking forward to seeing it! I have to get rid of this
cold as soon as possible. I need to go see it soon!”

She handed over the empty clay bowl. Then dove into the futon again with
an excited face, her medicine seemed to have worked. She looks much
better than when I arrived. 

I measured her fever with a thermometer. She has dropped considerably to
37.4c degrees. This should be okay.

“This summer vacation will be full of fun. I get to go out and play with
my classmates, and get to go to Shiori-san’s house. Oh let’s go together
to a firework show.”

“Firework show? You aren’t going with your classmates?”

“Yeah. They are going to summer classes, or said they are going with
their boyfriends. So when I heard that I thought I wanted to go with
Shiori-san. Um, is that not good?”

This is unfair.

It’s this weakness I feel that I fell in love with. I was invited by my
favorite person. She is looking at me with those hopeful eyes.

I can’t. 

It’s impossible when you invite me like this. I couldn’t win, even
though there was sadness from being invited as a friend. Although going
alone with Sara was a gift too hard to ignore.

“Okay, let’s go. By the way, should we talk about wearing Yukata before
going to the festival?”

“Waah, Yukata! I’ve never worn one!”

I was too nervous to talk more. After saying goodnight to Sara, I left
the room.

I remembered her earlier. Her laugh, her smile, it would be too
difficult to keep my distance. Her straightforward nature is painful,
but at the same time it makes me happy. Above all, I feel like I can
endure it with the help of her smile.

I somewhat now miss the Yuri works I loved from my previous life. I now
sympathize with my ancestors, who have suffered from unrequited love.

“My-Hama”’s president, “ Nagatsuki no Miko“’s Ojousama, “Bloom into
them”’s vice president.  The big three unrequited love characters. It’s
a pity those works don’t exist in this world.

“Wait, but aren’t two of the three Yandere. . ?”

- –  – Hmm. I won’t let that affect my sympathy.

I silently nodded as I washed the clay pot.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Sorry for the slight delay. I was busy with IRL stuff. 

Anyways, it seems like they will have a little date. And Sara will be
visiting Shiori’s house. I wonder if she will stumble upon the Yuri
pile.

Like if you did

Also thank you once again Sleffy! I’m happy you are hooked. I am too.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0038_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0040_Chapter.md)

