[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0040_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0042_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 42: Sara’s POV (2)

Chapter 42 (Extra): Sara’s POV. Part 2.

I heard in elementary school that a confession takes a lot of energy
from both the person giving and receiving it.

A moral class would have been nice. The runner-up is health and P.E. I
wish it was taught more and carved firmly into the wrinkles of people’s
brain. And if you are going to confess, you should also not eat up
somebody’s time doing it under the scorching sun behind the gymnasium. I
wish they’d teach that. 

Or rather teach this boy in front of me.

Right now there is something of a confession rush.

Since taking Tomoda-Senpai’s advice of saying I liked someone, the
number of confessions I got had dramatically decreased.

I was thrilled that such a simple thing made my life easier, but the
number of confessions have recently increased.

“Please go out with me.”

“Sorry.”

No matter how many times I’ve been through it, this exchange was tiring.

Some people say they are envious of people who get confessed to. However
I’ll always reject. I don’t want them to be overtly disappointed or
hateful after my response, but I do want to know why they believe I’d
like them? Did you really expect that someone would suddenly like it
being confessed to by someone whose name they didn’t even know until a
second ago.

If so, then you are gullible.

And it was this person in front of me who was the definition of that.

“You don’t have a boyfriend, right? Then how about trying it with me?”

This kind of advance has happened many times in the past. Still most
people would withdraw if I refuse again. However, this one is annoyingly
persistent.

“Okay, If we do, I could also tell my friend I got a girlfriend. Can’t
you help me?”

Huh? No!!

Where do I even start? There is nothing good to take from this. I don’t
even understand what you mean. I want you to go away, have some shame,
but if I said that I’d be in a bad position. There is nothing else to
say, so I put up with it.

“Date me.” “I’m sorry” “Date me” I have somebody I like” Date me” ”Not
possible”

This exchange carried on for about 30 minutes, repeating the same
points. It was like they were trying to trick me into saying Yes. As
you’d expect from of a Tsubakigaoka student.

However I got quickly angry . I’m mad at the word “Dating” now. I don’t
know how many times I’ve heard it!  At the time it was beginning to
build up, I heard a familiar voice say “Sara-chan” from behind me.

“Tomoda-Senpai!?”

“You were late, so I came to pick you up.”

“Um, I’m sorry. . ?”

She stroked my head as I thought about what she was talking about, but I
quickly understood she was helping me. 

“I don’t want to keep Senpai waiting any longer, so I’m leaving.”

“Ah, no um. . .”

“Persistent men are annoying. Let’s go Sara-chan.”

Tomoda-Senpai handed over some advice to the boy as he was stumbling
over his words.

She pulled me over to the vending machine next to the cafeteria, and
after that I could finally buy a sports drink and drink it without
hesitation. I can relax now. 

Unfortunately the cafeteria was closed, so after moving to the shade we
sat side by side on a bench.

“Haah, I’m saved. Thank you very much.”

“Ahaha, that was a disaster, at least summer vacation starts tomorrow.”

“Yeah. I’m tired though. . .”

It was hot, I’m hungry, and I probably tanned a bit. I’d be even more
exhausted if Tomoda-Senpai hadn’t come.

“It was a coincidence that I was there. A member from the athletic club
glanced over and saw a shadow talking to a pitiful Sara-chan.”

“Eh~. . .”

“I thought the number of confessions you got decreased. Are they still
coming?”

“Maybe it’s because it’s before summer vacation. Hoping that it could
happen during summer vacation, and if your rejected you could use the
long vacation to reset. . . At Least that’s my friend’s theory.”

So that’s why I was relieved it was the closing ceremony today. I’m
looking forward to being free from all love talks once I get over today.
This is the last one.

“So I’m guessing, You still don’t have a favorite person?”

There was nobody around us, but Tomoda-Senpai asked with a small voice.

“Well. . .Yeah. I don’t if I’m good with romance, even to this day I
don’t see the merit of it. Ever since I reached 10 years old, I’ve only
had bad memories because of romance. It made it where boys are scary,
and talking to girls still makes me nervous.”

“I see. Around girls still?”

“Yeah I know. I said talking to girls makes me nervous, but I can talk
to Tomoda-Senpai without being nervous.”

I inadvertently said something like “I’m nervous to talk to you.” I have
to deny that here.

I mean, she is one of the few I can talk with relaxed. Currently it’s
only Shiori-san and Tomoda-senpai. 

However she is a Senpai from my school.

I can’t say she is a friend like Shiori-san is. Though secretly I think
of her as a friend.

Sadly I didn’t have any decent friends for years. I’m a beginner in
friendship, so I don’t have the capacity for romance. Far from dating,
it’s too high of a hurdle to have any romantic feelings for anybody, I
couldn’t imagine it.

“Geeze! Saying something so cute! Ah, I’m happy that summer vacation is
happening, but I’ll miss Sara-chan. Did you make any plans this summer?”

“Well, not really. . . Ah! I did promise to go to a firework display
with Shiori-san! Also I get to wear a Yukata for the first time!”

“Huh, you’d look nice in a Yukata! Sara’s Yukata, I want to see it too!
Show me a photo of it!”  
“Okay, I’ll send you a picture later.”

She stroked my head saying good luck. It made me feel like a pet dog.

By the way, recently I haven’t been hugged by Tomoda-Senpai. There used
to be so much skinship. Is it because it’s hot? Shiori-san has only
hugged me that one time, so I feel a little lonely.

“Now that you mentioned her, Sara-chan is on very good terms with
Shiori-san. I often hear that name from Yoko too, but what kind of
person is it?”

“Shiori-san? That’s a difficult question to answer, but she’s a very
nice person. She’s beautiful, kind, has a good fashion sense, is good at
teaching, and has amazing cooking skills.”

It’s difficult to explain a personality verbally. All of them are true,
but it’s vexing none of them really convey her real essences.

Tomado-Senpai laughed at my explanation. Saying “That’s amazing, a true
superhuman,” It is right, but that isn’t the only reason Shiori-san is
amazing.

“She is my hero. . . she’s been a very important person ever since she
cried and struggled for me to help me out of my deep isolation.”

It was probably at that time Shiori-san became my ”special” person.

She cried with a pitiful face, her nose was red, and she didn’t look
cool at all. Her appearance wasn’t like a hero, but she reached out
while only thinking of me. She was definitely my hero.

If I ever fell in love with someone, I’m sure the best person in my head
would remain Shiori-san.

“By the way, the other day Shiori-san was also confessed to on the
morning train. It was from a student from our school.”

“Huh, how bold. What was her reply?”

“She refused him. Saying there was someone she already liked.”

“Hm, is there?”

“She didn’t say anything, but. . .”

She is a wonderful person, so she can’t help but be popular. I think the
boy confessing to her was also better looking than the people who
confess to me. But at that time. I couldn’t help but think about what we
talked about.

If Shiori-san had a boyfriend, she’d spend less time with me. Suddenly
that chat felt so real.

It might have been a lie, but I was surprised when I heard from
Shiori-san’s mouth that there was someone she liked. It’d be too
overbearing as a friend to ask them not to have somebody they like, let
alone have a boyfriend. Even as a novice to friendship I know that much.

After talking about that I exacerbated myself. I groaned while looking
up to the sky. Will that eventually happen?

“You must really like Shiori-san. I’m jealous.”

“I really like her, but. . .”

“I’m really jealous. I can’t win.”

Tomoda-Senpai gave a long sigh with a bitter smile.

I gave an exaggerated laugh, but Senpai’s eyes looked at me with
humorless eyes, she was completely serious. The smile disappeared from
my face, as an unpleasant air slowly crept in.

“I can’t laugh at the boy who confessed to Sara-chan’s face. Yoko told
me about you, and when I saw Sara-chan’s happy smiling face. I couldn’t
help but like it. Because I fell in love with it.”

“Um, thank you very much. . ?”

I don’t know why she had to say the last part, usually she’d say like or
cute. But Love? I thanked her while tilting my head, but that bitter
smile got deeper.

When did she smile like that? I looked through my memory, but I
remembered only her bright cheerful smile. Even when we talked about
serious things she always had smiling eyes.

“I like Sara-chan in the same way as the boys who confessed to you. I
“love” you, not “like” you. Do you understand what I mean, not love you
like a friend, but something more?”

“. . . .Eh?”

Do I understand? No I don’t.

“Love” not “Like”

So romantic, not friendship.

I understand the meaning of the words, but the impact slips through my
hands. It’s as if my head is breaking down.

Because both Tomoda-Senpai and I are girls.

I know that there are same-sex couples, and people who are attracted to
the same-sex, but I have never thought about them. Because it didn’t
relate to me.

In my case, I thought romance was between a man and a woman. So
therefore, I thought if I limited any contact with boys I’d keep away
from romance as a whole. And if I kept away from romance, I could
develop friendships with girls. . . I never thought I’d be seen as a
candidate for love from the same sex.

“I’m sorry. . .”

I surprised myself, I only gave a small pitiful voice, it was so small I
was worried she couldn’t hear it.

It’s the only answer I managed to get out of my panic state. I wasn’t in
love with her. Aside from the other undigested parts, I gave my usual
shallow response.

Yes, like always. Like those whose names and faces I don’t remember.

Still I shook the person who has helped me many times, and it confused
me after knowing her well, I gave my usual fixed phrase.

There were alot of things I wanted to convey, but none of them I could
say. It’s a bit too harsh, too hard to say that it was a fixed phrase,
but it always came out of my mouth.

“Yeah, I understand. I’m sorry for saying something so hard- — Now I’m
also a member of the confess before summer vacation, I’ll reset my
feelings properly after the vacation. So we will just be good seniors
and juniors again. . . I wonder if it would be too difficult for you to
get along with me?”

A senior looked at my face and patted my head to comfort me. I wonder
why I’m the one being comforted?

It was the first time I was confessed to by a close person. I don’t know
what to do in this scenario. I knew that the people who receive the
confession were also shooken, but the order of magnitude between a
stranger and Tomoda-Senpai is immense.

I like you, even though you are an important person. I’m sorry but I
can’t return those same feelings.

“Sorry.”

She apologized once again, saying it was a selfish confession, and then
my senpai left.

No one was around me. I could only hear the voices of the remaining
students in club, the sounds of practicing musical instruments in the
distance, and the sound of the cicadas.

- –  – I need to go home.

I can’t stay here forever. Go home, change clothes, eat food, and. . .
do I want to spend my time alone in my room?

I’m used to living alone, but now I don’t want to be alone in that empty
room. The summer vacation I was so excited for suddenly felt terribly
lonely.

“Shiori-san. . .”

At these times, there is only one person I want to be by my side. My
hero that is kinder than anyone else. 

It may be a nuisance calling her on a closing ceremony day, but I really
want to see her right now. I want to hear her say it will all be alright
with her gentle voice.

With a desperate feeling I took out my smartphone.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

I wanted to get this chapter out quickly, I knew people were looking
forward to it. Though I’m sure it’s disappointing to see it isn’t the
big realization Sara is in love. Quite the opposite. She doesn’t want
anything to do with it. We will have to see next chapter how their talk
will go. 

Like if you did

Also thank you Sleffy, I agree Shiori needs a hug, especially after
this.

Wanderlust, thank you, I hope this Sara pov chapter was good.

And Meow meow! Glad you are reading them. Thank you everybody, the
support recently has been crazy, I really appreciate it!


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0040_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0042_Chapter.md)

