[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0042_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0044_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 44: Summer Vacation Starts Tomorrow

From the Yuri works I enjoyed, I always thought that an impossible love
was a constant painful thing. The friendship with your crush and the
trust given could become a burden. You could just smile, but you’d want
to cry.

However now that I’m in this position, it’s painful but surprisingly I
don’t feel that sad. Of course it’d depend on the occasion, whether it’s
friendship or something else, it’s just nice to be liked and trusted. I
want to keep the smile that I’ve grown fond of.

She gives a high pure amount of trust and friendship as she is relaxing
on my lap like a cat. I don’t want to hold any of those inexcusable
feelings now.

“Summer vacation starts tomorrow.”

I muttered as I stroked her hair like a cat on my lap, she then gave
a sad.

“That’s right.”

“Huh? I thought you were looking forward to summer vacation”

“I was, but during summer vacation I can’t meet you everyday, and I can
only meet my school friends on days we have plans on. I just realized
how lonely it is that I can’t meet anyone except on those days. . .”

“Ah-, well living alone can feel like that.”

In the case of Sara, her family is overseas due to work, so unlike
people ordinarily living alone, she doesn’t have a home to visit. And it
doesn’t seem like she is going to go overseas to see them.

“Shiori-san, come stay again~!”

“Eh, I don’t want to be a hug pillow again. It’s hot, and freaky.”  

Please forgive me for not wanting to share a bed after realizing I like
you.

That level of contact is different from a lap pillow.

Even if she gives me puppy eyes on my lap, no matter how many times she
asks, it’s still no good. It’s best for the both of us. It’d be a
different story if there were two futons.

“Ah, Well, how about you visit my home?”

“Eh? Shiori-san’s house?”

“Yeah, we have extra futons for our guests, and my mother already asked
for you to visit us.”

If we do this, Sara wouldn’t be so lonely.

The plan was originally for her to simply come over and play, but it
isn’t a lot to ask for her to spend the night as well.

“Eehh, but wouldn’t I be a nuisance to Shiori-san’s family. . “

“I think it will be okay, but let’s ask my mother just in case.”

Today my mother said she’d be home, so I should be able to get in touch
with her. I took out my smartphone as Sara excitedly got up from my lap.

My mother answered with a voice that sounded like she was in a good
mood.

“Um, Mom, I know we talked about Sara coming over to spend time, but
would it be okay for her to stay over that night?”

(Ara, that’s fine. When does she want to come?)

“Whatever matches your work schedule. . .”

So is it okay? I looked at Sara with my eyes seeing if that was right,
she nodded her head with a tense face.

After confirming it, I said “She said whenever is okay.” then my Mother
reapplied with an additional question (How many nights?)

I understood it would be okay for her to stay the night, but was it okay
for her to stay consecutive nights just because it’s summer vacation?

  
“Sara, how many nights?”

“Eh!? How many. . . But I’d be in your care for too many days.”

(Ah, are you with Sara-chan? In that case I’ll talk to her directly,
hand her the phone)

I gave my smartphone to Sara, she was close by listening so it took no
time. She gave an, “Ehh!?” as I handed it to her. Her shoulders stiffen
as she gave a solid “Pleasure to meet you” it was a pretty comedic
sight.

My parents are easygoing, so you could relax.

I watched the pleasant scene as the two talked, it seems like they are
able to talk easier as time went on. My mother hung up, and my
smartphone was handed back to me.

“So how did it go?”

“Um, Tomorrow I’ll go over to play and spend two nights and three days
there. . .”

“Tomorrow? W-Wait already?”

I have to immediately do major cleaning when I get home. I haven’t even
hid my yuri books from my bookshelf yet, I have to vacuum and clean the
areas where I’d usually ignore.

“I-I haven’t stayed over at a friend’s house since I was in
kindergarten! I haven’t played since then either! W-What do I do!?!”

“Calm down. You’ll be fine.”

“Souvenirs. . ! Would it be best to wear tidy, neat clothes!?”

“Sara, honestly calm down. That’s the stuff you do when you are seeing
your boyfriend’s family, not your friend’s.”

If possible I would have loved it if I was in that position! Though I’m
not going to say that. Her giving me that thought was a surprise attack,
I took a little damage. 

You have to calm down, I’m an inexperienced person, I’m scared I’d say
something bad. I’m also scared of this natural airhead.

Um, but I would like to see Sara in neat tidy clothes. She’d look
absolutely adorable.

“Your clothes are fine. You don’t need to buy a present, if it really
weighs on your mind we could pick something up on the way.”

“Y-Yeah, thank you. I’m sorry for pushing this on you.”

“You say that, but my mom is pretty coercive so I don’t think it was
just you. However it’s rare for me to invite a friend, so she did look
strangely energetic.”

The day I went to visit sick Sara. When I got home and told my mother,
she was awfully cheerful. 

She asked what kind of food Sara liked, asked if Sara would be annoyed
if she talked too much when she came. This and various other things. I
told her just to be normal, but perhaps she was looking forward to it
more than I imagined.

If you think about it, this is the first time I’ve invited a friend over
since elementary school.

“I see, I’m glad that’s the case. Shiori’s mother sounds like a fun
person. I’m looking forward to meeting her.”

“Well, she isn’t a bad person.”

The girl I like meeting my mother is making my heart feel itchy, but if
she is coming to stay I hope she can enjoy her time.

For now I’ll have to do my best to clean up tonight. In my heart I swore
to hide my Yuri books deep deep in my closet, so she can never find it.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

The story goes on, and so we’ll just have to ignore the shards from
Shiori’s broken heart.

Here is a new chapter. And the next arc? Well mini arc, the sleepover
arc. So expect the next few chapters to be about the slumber party!
Parties? It’s multiple days.

Like if you did

Also thank you once again Sleffy! Yeah, hopefully Sara realizes soon,
but I am curious if the Yuri pile will help or make it worse.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0042_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0044_Chapter.md)

