[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0047_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0049_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 49: I can’t get used to it

 We finished eating breakfast with no more issues, but there is one big
problem. We have no plans today.

There are no games at my house. Or rather, there is an overwhelming lack
of entertainment. My number one entertainment is the Yuri I hid in my
closet, of course I can’t show her that. Therefore we have nothing to
enjoy.

“So then, do you want to go out and play?”

“That’s fine, but where would we go?”

Summer vacation means there are crowds everywhere, and there is no
particular place I want to go. Of course I have no doubt it will be fun
wherever I go with Sara, but then couldn’t we just stay at home?

“If you don’t have a place you want to go, then let’s just relax at
home. If Shiori-san is okay with that.”

“Of course it’s fine. Ok, we can always go out and play later, though
I’m sad to say I don’t have anything to entertain you with.”

“Ahaha, don’t worry about that. I’m usually alone, so it will just be
fun to eat and talk together.”

“If you tell my mother that, she will tell you to just live with us.”

My mother is no longer holding back with Sara. At dinner yesterday,
she’d constantly praise her saying “You are really lovely aren’t you?”
“So cute and smart”. Eventually taking a jab at me with a worried “Is
Shiori-san really teaching you how to study? A Tsubakigaoka student?”.
Though I do know what she means.

My father, with his abundance of unlimit love for his daughter, was
beside me and always followed up by saying “Shiori is cute!” and “Shiori
is the top of her grade!”

I’m happy but it’s embarrassing to do that in front of my friend. . . my
favorite person no less, so please stop.

I got the impression my mother wanted to say she should stay here all
through summer vacation. However I don’t recommend it. Because I will
hit my limit much before the end of our vacation.

“It was a little amusing when I met Shiori-san’s family. But when I
heard you were the youngest, I just thought “Eh!?!”, but I’m convinced
now.”

“Really? well that isn’t good. . .”

“Oh? You’re cute though.”

“Cut-. . .”

So spontaneous. I’m surprised she’d say that, I can’t let my guard down.

I was lost for words, and she began to happily grin and eyes narrow.
C-Crap, Why is such a beautiful girl giving a sly face. 

“Shiori-san, are you perhaps embarrassed? Are you shy?”

“I-I’m not shy!”

“Well well, why is your face red? You’re so cute!”

“That’s. . .?!?”

I’m being told I’m cute. It’s hard to say yesterday night got to her
head, because Sara’s face was getting closer and closer. Please be more
conscious for my sake.

If this was a Yuri game sleepover event, this and that happening while
mother wasn’t home, our relationship would quickly progress, you’d get
at least some art scene. However I’m stuck with a tease.

I’m jealous. I wish I could have a love that’d go smoothly.

“Geez, it’s fine. I’m not used to being called cute.”

“Well that’s true, the first impression is that you’re a beautiful
Onee-san. But now I think a cute girl is a more suitable description. It
feels like I can talk with your father about how cute you are.”

“Please, stop. . .”

If that happens, he would be more than happy to start talking about my
past, which is frightening. Or rather it will definitely happen. I can
see my mother taking advantage of it, and it’d become an expose Shiori
tournament.

I have a mature appearance and a solid personality. It hasn’t changed
from my past life and into the present, I’ve always been bad at relying
on others or being spoiled. Fortunately or unfortunately I’ve always
been independent and able to deal with most things.

So thanks to that, I’ve lived much of my life without having the word
“Cute” attached to me, but now it seems my favorite person is saying I
am cute.

Impossible. I’m too foreign to this, and I don’t know how to react. I
don’t even know how to control my response, my ears are burning up.

“You have a calm face when you’re in control, but when you’re pushed
down you, you’re the weak type, aren’t you?”

“Don’t say anymore, even if you notice it.”

“Ahaha, sorry~”

While apologizing she patted my head saying “But that kind of thing is
cute” No longer is my Onee-san dignity there. I don’t care anymore.

Speaking of which, In the game, at first “Shiori” was a solid older
sister type, but starting from the middle of the game, she gradually
showed a more sloppy unreliable side, eventually becoming an older
sweetheart character.

I thought the game personality and mine was more distant, but maybe that
isn’t the case. I can’t believe that I would act like this just because
I fell in love. In the game “Shiori” unfamiliar with love turned into a
sloppy comedic mess, I’d probably end up like that if I didn’t remember
my past life.

I don’t mean to say that this state is “The real me” anymore, but it’s
bittersweet if Sara thinks I’m cute even in this pitiful state. It may
not be that bad.

“I like Onee-san Shiori-san, but I like the cute Shiori-san even more.”

“I told you already. . . geez, I’m not used to it.”

Because of that, my neck was dyed red with the unintended merciless
kindness coming from this natural temptress. I’m not used to being in
this situation, my eyes became teary. Finally I put my head down looking
below the table, all to hide my shame.

It took me a while to raise my face, because she’d tell me “Acting like
that is also cute.”

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Another chapter done, a bit faster than the last. This one is a fluff
one, though we have got some exposition on Shiori. Though she is still
being tormented by Sara. Although if Sara realized this, she is likely
to continue to tease Shiori. Which is even worse because she doesn’t
know about Shiori’s feelings.

Like if you did

Thank you sleffy! As you can see, there is way more teasing to come.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0047_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0049_Chapter.md)

