[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0050_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# Chapter 51: Pleasure to meet you

A reply from Yoko came first thing in the morning.

I promised breakfast, so I cooked french toast as Sara requested. I made
a portion for myself and Sara, and left my mother to cook for herself
and my father, but then “Shiori’s home cooked food. . .” My father
looked starved at the food before him. My french toast portion was
replaced with my father’s bacon and eggs- – -this was a direct order by
my mother. 

I’m happy to eat her food, but I’d like it if this middle-aged man would
stop eating French toast with teary red eyes. He also made sure to
constantly take pictures on his smartphone. 

This isn’t good. At this rate I will no longer be seen as the older
sister Sara could rely on. Instead replaced by the image of the cute
youngest child of the Sugimura family. . .I really hope it isn’t too
late.

“It’s good, but why don’t you cook once in a while?”

“I only meant to make it for Sara. But if I have another chance I
could.”

“Ahaha, thank you. It was delicious.”

Those were the words I was rewarded with after getting up earlier, so I
nodded with satisfaction. I’ve never made french toast in my previous
life, but I managed to get it done.

In the middle of enjoying our after meal time, Yoko contacted me, it was
time to talk about upcoming summer plans.

(Good morning, hope you enjoyed yourself yesterday! I contacted Tomoda.
She felt too ashamed to meet her alone so I could come along for
support, however, she also wanted to meet you, so that’s what happened.
Also it seems like she is going to her grandmother’s house in the
countryside tomorrow, so I know it’s sudden, but if you’d like to meet,
it has to be today or after she comes back, so what will it be?)

The first line irked me, but other than that, it was decently worded for
Yoko. It’s rare for her, she always wastes time with off-color humor.

I confirmed it with Sara and she wanted to talk with her as soon as
possible, so I told Yoko that we would meet today at noon. Originally
the plan was for her to go home after lunch, so we could simply fit this
in instead.

After lunch my mother made sure to see Sara off, saying she’d hope to
see her come over again, and with that we left my home. The reason why I
am going with Sara is because Yoko is coming with Tomoda-san.

“What kind of person is Tomoda-san?”

On the way I asked and she replied saying “A bright and kind person.”

Hmm, she has a pretty good impression of her even if it’s not romantic.
I’m getting a little jealous.

  
“Well, then. What kind of person is Yoko-san?”

“. . .I wonder if it’s better if you didn’t know.”

“Eh?”

“Basically, you could say she is a good person, until she opens her
mouth, then it’s all about her dirty jokes. And if given the chance
she’d go straight into even asking to rub my breast, it’s those 18+
forbidden lines.”

“H-Huh. . .”

 Her face stiffened. It must have been a different image of Yoko than
she imagined.

It will be okay. If she says anything extra to Sara, I will immediately
aim for her weak points. I will protect Sara’s purity.

I’m being honest about Yoko so she doesn’t stick to anything strange
Yoko says, I really don’t trust her.

“The first thing she said to me at the entrance ceremony was that she
liked my face, and then one thing led to another and now we are always
together for some reason. It might be better to say instead of a friend,
she is just bad company.”

“Oh, Is that so? Ah, I also like Shiori-san’s face.”

“Thank you, I like Sara’s face.”

Of course I also like other things, but I’ll keep those extra parts in
my heart.

However, my face? I am a sub-heroine and I’m blessed with how I look,
but despite that I still make sure to polish my looks. People say that
with humans it’s the contents that are most important, but your looks
also are.

The determined meeting place was at the entrance of a large park. Yoko
had already arrived, but there was another girl with her. Is that
Tomoda-san? The girl with the short cut hair and nervous expression? 

“Sorry, for the wait.”

“No, we just got here. . .Ahaha, you looked like a couple!”

“You never change, Yoko.”

As you’d expect her attitude was completely ignoring Tomoda-san’s
tension. If I have given a generous outlook, it would be like she is
trying to soften the mood with jokes. Unfortunately this is just her
true self.

Also this is the first time I’ve seen Yoko in casual clothes. A yellow
aloha shirt with pineapple pattern and matching shorts to compliment the
gaudy look. The sunglasses at her neck exuded humor. I had to sympathize
a little for Tomoda-san, she had to wait with this playful appearance
besides her.

“Nice to meet you, Sara-chan. I’ve only seen your figure accompanying
Shiori on the train.”

“Y-Yes. Pleasure to meet you. Thank you for your support.”

“No, it’s all good, all good. You look really cute up close! And such a
good girl!! I could easily fall in love with you!”

“”Yoko!””

Tomoda-san hit her head from behind, and I hit her from the side. It was
a beautiful display, and Yoko was silenced from it.

Tomoda-san turned to me, ignoring the now passified Yoko. She looked
straight into my eyes, and I could see she was a sincere person. I
somehow understood why Sara trusted her alot.

“It is a pleasure to meet you, I am Tomoda. I heard many things about
you from Yoko and Sara-chan. So I always had a desire to meet you.”

“Pleasure to meet you. We are the same age, so let’s drop the formal
talk. I also wanted to meet you.”

“Well, we’ll talk freely. Thank you for meeting me. Yoko told me she’d
come with me because of my sorry state, but I thought it’d be strange
for Sara-chan to meet somebody she didn’t know alone.”

“Oh, so that’s why you wanted me to come. And, meeting Yoko could be. .
.”

“Yeah, that would be. . .”

Even if we didn’t say it out loud, we both knew what each other was
thinking. If anything, it’d be okay to have Yoko leave at this point.

“We can’t stand around talking forever, so let’s move to a more
comfortable place. Oh, when you talk, rest assured that Yoko and I will
be further away to give you both privacy.”

“Thank you. Shiori-san is exactly like I heard.”

“Oh? Should I ask what you heard?”

We began to walk. I was in the middle with Sara on my left, and
Tomoda-san on my right. Yoko followed behind.

Sara and Tomoda-san haven’t talked so far, I’m starting to worry if they
would be able to talk as things are. Based on the glances I gave to
Sara, she didn’t seem particularly embarrassed.

In a large park, near flower beds, the walking grounds are crowded, but
if we go deeper into the pine forest it will become less populated.
There are a lot of shades under the trees, so even if we stay sitting on
a bench for a long time we don’t have to worry about getting heat
stroke. 

The benches installed in some of the spots were also vacant, so it would
be a good place to calmly talk.

“We’ll be sitting at that bench, so call us when you’re done.”

I still wonder why Yoko and I are here, but we are here now. If
Tomoda-san and Sara feel more at ease with us nearby then it’s good we
are here.

I bought two bottles of tea from a vending machine, and gave one to Yoko
as we sat on a bench a little bit away.

“I’m sorry for Tomoda-san.”

Yoko said after taking a sip of tea.

“Why are you apologizing?”

“Well, I introduced her.”

“You don’t have to apologize. Neither you nor Tomoda-san.”

I understand that Tomoda-san feels sorry for confessing to Sara while
also knowing she was afraid of romance, but she doesn’t have to
apologize for her love. It’s even more bizarre for Yoko, who simply
introduced her.

If Sara liked Tomoda-san, then perhaps the story would have been
different.

“There is no doubt that Tomoda-san supported Sara at school. That is why
she wanted to convey her feelings properly to Tomoda-san.”

“I see. . .Sara is a good girl.”

“Definitely.”

Looking at them it’s hard to tell what they are talking about, but their
expressions seem calm. I was worried at first, but it doesn’t seem like
it will be bad.

“Unlike me, who can’t say it, Tomoda-san actually confessed. . .I
respect that no matter what happens.”

“I agree with that. I didn’t even confess in the end. By the way, I
heard that she stayed over at your house for a few days, any progress?”

“No progress. . .”

Far from progressing, I feel like we actually took steps back.

My older sister dignity was degraded before her, and her deep trust for
me became more apparent. Even before that, I ended up declaring to be
her friend before the sleepover.

“It was just one-sided heart racing, but no progress was made. Even when
I pushed her down on the first day, she just trusted me so much I ended
it with a headbutt.”

“Huh?”

“Yesterday she said she wanted to push me down, but I ended up running
away from it and threw a pillow at her.”

“Hahh!?”

Yoko didn’t understand what I was saying. 

All she needed to know was that my attempts for seduction fell flat,
Sara didn’t seem embarrassed at all, for her it was just like receiving
skinship from a female friend.

She didn’t need to be on her guard, but is it impossible to ask for a
little self awareness?

“Being pushed down, I didn’t know how to look like a friend in that.”

“I never heard of friends who’d push each other down like that.”

That may also be the case, and I couldn’t help but laugh at Yoko’s
Tsukkomi.

On the bench a little away, Sara and Tomoda were looking this way. Based
on Sara’ pointing with a grinning smile, she must be talking about us.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Here is another chapter, and the end of the sleepover arc. No yuri pile
was found, but it seems like the book was closed with Tomoda.

Next chapter is 50.5, it’s an extra chapter based on the pillow fight,
so we will get a more filler chapter next, so look forward to that. 

Like if you did

Also thank you Sleffy, it’d be interesting to see the Sara + Mom
interaction in the future. Also illu for the donation. I really
appreciate them.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0050_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

