README.md, before:

Discord: mddbxa

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/I2I117SQUE)

## Formatted PDFS & Additional Translations
- A Maiden's Unwanted Heroic Epic
  - Chapters 1-363
  - [https://ouo.io/mA50gY](https://ouo.io/mA50gY)
- Demon Noble Girl \~Story of a Careless Demon\~
  - Volumes 10, 11, 12, Side Stories
  - [https://ouo.io/0zduCvs](https://ouo.io/0zduCvs)
- Heartwarming Different World Reincarnation Days With Level Countertop, Item Carryover! I’m the Strongest Little Girl
  - [https://ouo.io/FTI2Ylj](https://ouo.io/FTI2Ylj)
- I'm Planning to be Killed by the Heroine
  - [https://ouo.io/h3PFd7](https://ouo.io/h3PFd7)
- I Became a Forest Witch Who Raises Dragons
  - [https://ouo.io/hr3GDsx](https://ouo.io/hr3GDsx)
- I Have Become The Snow Maiden I Created
  - [https://ouo.io/wNde2oq](https://ouo.io/wNde2oq)
- I was Reincarnated as a Side Heroine in a Yuri Game, and with all my Power I will Protect my Favorite Character
  - [https://ouo.io/GVDBt6](https://ouo.io/GVDBt6)
- Otome Game no Heroine de Saikyou Survival
  - LN Volume 7 - [https://ouo.io/HbxADS](https://ouo.io/HbxADS)
  - LN Volume 8 - [https://ouo.io/8YbxTB8](https://ouo.io/8YbxTB8)
- Reincarnated as the Narrow-Eyed Character in a Magical Girl Battle Story
  - [https://ouo.io/4jWQvu](https://ouo.io/4jWQvu)
- Second Story Online: Aiming To Become The World’s Number 1. Ideal Witch
  - [https://ouo.io/MF5IfF](https://ouo.io/MF5IfF)
- The Ever-Positive Angel Is in Charge of the Magical Girl's Mental Care
  - [https://ouo.io/RB4ruRv](https://ouo.io/RB4ruRv)
- The Great Sword is not the Main Body!
  - [https://ouo.io/Uv9e3A](https://ouo.io/Uv9e3A)
- The Legend of the Fox Yokai of Jirisan
  - Light editing; standardized some names
  - [https://ouo.io/lCckt6](https://ouo.io/lCckt6)
- The Maid of the Cursed Princess
  - [https://ouo.io/y8KBarM](https://ouo.io/y8KBarM)
- The Society's Pet Daughter
  - Complete
  - [https://ouo.io/M7ccErR](https://ouo.io/M7ccErR)
- The Vampire Eldest Miss Thinks I Like Her
  - [https://ouo.io/MkHMuoM](https://ouo.io/MkHMuoM)
- The Villainess Does Not Want to Die
  - [https://ouo.io/9FZUP1E](https://ouo.io/9FZUP1E)

<br/>

- Other
  - In short, novels that would probably land around a 3.5 on NU
  - [https://ouo.io/k8dr89](https://ouo.io/k8dr89)
    - I Became an Undying Lich in a Game
    - I Became the Saint's Master
    - Isn't It Common Sense To Touch Tails?
    - The Saint's Journey


## Titles
- A Dragon Girl's Journey Through A Post-Apocalyptic World
- A Maiden's Unwanted Heroic Epic
  - Chapters 311-363
- Apotheosis of a Demon - A Monster Evolution Story
  - Additional side stories
- Demon Noble Girl \~Story of a Careless Demon\~
  - Volumes 10, 11, 12, Side Stories
- Does the Assassin Girl Dream of the Mana Doll?
  - Chapters 26-
- Heartwarming Different World Reincarnation Days With Level Countertop, Item Carryover! I’m the Strongest Little Girl
- Liberation of the Demon Kingdom \~The Tale of Two Girls\~ ※The Adventure of Two Girls Who Are Unrivaled With Swords and Magic
- Otome Game no Heroine de Saikyou Survival
  - LN volumes 7, 8
  - Chapters 229-298
- Second Story Online: Aiming To Become The World’s Number 1. Ideal Witch

Commit message:

former assassin becomes a noble lady

README.md, after:

Discord: mddbxa

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/I2I117SQUE)

## Formatted PDFS & Additional Translations
- A Maiden's Unwanted Heroic Epic
  - Chapters 1-363
  - [https://ouo.io/mA50gY](https://ouo.io/mA50gY)
- Demon Noble Girl \~Story of a Careless Demon\~
  - Volumes 10, 11, 12, Side Stories
  - [https://ouo.io/0zduCvs](https://ouo.io/0zduCvs)
- Heartwarming Different World Reincarnation Days With Level Countertop, Item Carryover! I’m the Strongest Little Girl
  - [https://ouo.io/FTI2Ylj](https://ouo.io/FTI2Ylj)
- I'm Planning to be Killed by the Heroine
  - [https://ouo.io/h3PFd7](https://ouo.io/h3PFd7)
- I Became a Forest Witch Who Raises Dragons
  - [https://ouo.io/hr3GDsx](https://ouo.io/hr3GDsx)
- I Have Become The Snow Maiden I Created
  - [https://ouo.io/wNde2oq](https://ouo.io/wNde2oq)
- I was Reincarnated as a Side Heroine in a Yuri Game, and with all my Power I will Protect my Favorite Character
  - [https://ouo.io/GVDBt6](https://ouo.io/GVDBt6)
- Otome Game no Heroine de Saikyou Survival
  - LN Volume 7 - [https://ouo.io/HbxADS](https://ouo.io/HbxADS)
  - LN Volume 8 - [https://ouo.io/8YbxTB8](https://ouo.io/8YbxTB8)
- Reincarnated as the Narrow-Eyed Character in a Magical Girl Battle Story
  - [https://ouo.io/4jWQvu](https://ouo.io/4jWQvu)
- Second Story Online: Aiming To Become The World’s Number 1. Ideal Witch
  - [https://ouo.io/MF5IfF](https://ouo.io/MF5IfF)
- The Ever-Positive Angel Is in Charge of the Magical Girl's Mental Care
  - [https://ouo.io/RB4ruRv](https://ouo.io/RB4ruRv)
- The Great Sword is not the Main Body!
  - [https://ouo.io/Uv9e3A](https://ouo.io/Uv9e3A)
- The Legend of the Fox Yokai of Jirisan
  - Light editing; standardized some names
  - [https://ouo.io/lCckt6](https://ouo.io/lCckt6)
- The Maid of the Cursed Princess
  - [https://ouo.io/y8KBarM](https://ouo.io/y8KBarM)
- The Society's Pet Daughter
  - Complete
  - [https://ouo.io/M7ccErR](https://ouo.io/M7ccErR)
- The Vampire Eldest Miss Thinks I Like Her
  - [https://ouo.io/MkHMuoM](https://ouo.io/MkHMuoM)
- The Villainess Does Not Want to Die
  - [https://ouo.io/9FZUP1E](https://ouo.io/9FZUP1E)

<br/>

- Other
  - In short, novels that would probably land around a 3.5 or less on NU
  - [https://ouo.io/k8dr89](https://ouo.io/k8dr89)
    - I Became an Undying Lich in a Game
    - I Became the Saint's Master
    - Isn't It Common Sense To Touch Tails?
    - The Former Assassin Becomes a Noble Lady
    - The Saint's Journey


## Titles
- A Dragon Girl's Journey Through A Post-Apocalyptic World
- A Maiden's Unwanted Heroic Epic
  - Chapters 311-363
- Apotheosis of a Demon - A Monster Evolution Story
  - Additional side stories
- Demon Noble Girl \~Story of a Careless Demon\~
  - Volumes 10, 11, 12, Side Stories
- Does the Assassin Girl Dream of the Mana Doll?
  - Chapters 26-
- Heartwarming Different World Reincarnation Days With Level Countertop, Item Carryover! I’m the Strongest Little Girl
- Liberation of the Demon Kingdom \~The Tale of Two Girls\~ ※The Adventure of Two Girls Who Are Unrivaled With Swords and Magic
- Otome Game no Heroine de Saikyou Survival
  - LN volumes 7, 8
  - Chapters 229-298
- Second Story Online: Aiming To Become The World’s Number 1. Ideal Witch
