[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0030.md)



# Chapter 58: Crisis

Aoi was restrained by the Marquis and was about to fall into a hole in
space-time. In this storm of magicules, she struggled, unable to
manipulate the magicules.  
  
(At this rate, I'll be dropped into subspace. Aoi! Focus!)  
  
Aoi focused only on gathering magicules in her right hand. Little by
little, dark magicules gathered.  
  
(A little more, a little more. I'll destroy the magic stone of the
barrier with these magicules!)  
  
Aoi finally managed to gather magicules in her right hand, but the flow
of magicules was too strong to precisely aim at the magic stone.  
  
(Just a little more!)  
  
Aoi clung to life.  
  
(Luke! I want to free you from your sins!)  
  
It was at that moment. The flow of magicules stagnated. A gap appeared
in the magicules that had been raging like a storm.  
  
"!"  
  
Aoi immediately created a blade of darkness and struck the magic stone.
It shattered, and the hole in the subspace closed.  
  
"Aoi!"  
  
Hisui immediately rushed to Aoi's side, hitting the Marquis' face with a
stone filled with magicules, tearing him away.  
  
"That was close."  
  
Aoi created particles of darkness in her right hand and light particles
in her left hand, wrapping them around the Marquis and dispelling his
demonization. Her expression was slightly tense.  
  
(The magic of the Sugal Plains! It's beautiful after all...)  
  
"Hisui, let's the Marquis and retreat."  
  
Aoi created an orb of light, broke the window, and released it into the
sky.  
Aoi carried the Marquis on her back and together with Hisui headed for
the back entrance. On the way, they passed through the room where the
children were imprisoned.  
  
"Aoi!"  
  
There was an arm connected to the cage with magicule-sealing shackles.  
  
"This is the bracelet I gave to Arcadia in the royal capital!"  
  
Aoi and Hisui understood everything from the situation.  
  
"The gap in the engraving magic was because Arcadia destroyed the magic
stone..."  
"Arcadia, he must have cut off his own arm..."  
  
Hisui recalled Arcadia's earnest face.  
  
"Hisui, the main entrance! There's a battle going on!"  
  
Aoi and Hisui changed direction and ran to the main entrance.  
  
At the front, the Barlmin territory's knights and the Arcadia squad
continued to battle. Arcadia then appeared with the children. Arcadia
had suffered horrific injuries, but he was still alive.  
  
"Squad Leader Arcadia! Everyone, protect Squad Leader Arcadia and the
children while withdrawing!"  
  
Vice Squad Leader Dogos roared. However, Orb wouldn't allow it. Orb
fired multiple light arrows, checking Vice Squad Leader Dogos while
approaching Arcadia. But Arcadia couldn't move. Just as Orb's sword was
about to reach him,  
  
"Arcadia!"  
  
Hisui shouted and sent a fist-sized stone filled with magicules flying
towards Orb.  
  
"Damn it!"  
  
Orb deflected the stone with his sword and retreated backward. Aoi,
still carrying Marquis Barlmin on her back, closed in and cut Orb's knee
tendons, immobilizing him.  
  
"Damn it! Itâ€™s a failure!!"  
  
Dista screamed, but his voice was cut short. A newly thrown stone from
Hisui hit Dista in the mouth. Dista fainted, his teeth flying
everywhere.  
  
"Surrender! We have Marquis Barlmin in our custody!"  
  
Hisui's quiet yet intimidating voice caused the Barlmin knights to
abandon their weapons and surrender. Aoi once again tried to search for
the magicules of the Order of Chaos user, but he was already gone.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0030.md)

