[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0013.md)



# Chapter 41: Transfer to the Intelligence Division

Royal Capital Knight Order Office, two days after Aoi and Hisui
departed.  
  
"That's why! You understand it Tsukumi, right?"  
  
Amano was raising her voice in front of Tsukumi.  
  
"The Intelligence Division doesn't have that many combatants. Even so,
I'm planning to send about five people to the Barlmin territory!"  
"I know. I know, but to move the Royal Knight Order, we need solid
evidence and a just cause."  
  
Amano continued speaking with irritation.  
  
"What are you going to do if something happens to Miss Aoi and Miss
Hisui? Something certainly happened to Marquis Barlmin. It's also
certain that Dista is connected to the Order of Chaos. What's the reason
for not moving?"  
  
"That's because we don't have solid evidence! Unlike the Intelligence
Division, we are a military force with the power of arrest. We have
combatants, but we can't just send out the Royal Knight Order and say
*'nothing happened'*... itâ€™s not enough. And Miss Aoi smashed the magic
sword, that could have been evidence, to pieces. We still don't know the
identities of the people who attacked Miss Aoi and the others either."  
  
Amano glared at Tsukumi,  
  
"Tsukumi, I'm disappointed in you."  
  
She spat out those words and turned on her heel.  
  
"Please wait a moment, Miss Amano. I said that the Royal Knight Order
can't be moved. The Royal Knight Order can't be moved, but... the truth
is, there are a few eccentrics in the Royal Knight Order who admire Miss
Amano. They really adore you, Miss Amano."  
  
"Tsukumi, what is it?"  
  
Amano spoke in a very cold voice.  
  
"Well, you see. I was thinking of showing everyone how cruel and
heartless Miss Amano is."  
  
"I'm really going to get angry."  
  
"No, well, you see. I was thinking about sending about ten people from
the Royal Knight Order to the Intelligence Division on temporary
assignment... If possible, I'd like you to work them hard under your
command and open their eyes."  
  
"Tsukumi!!"  
  
Amano threw open the heavy door of the Royal Knight Order's office,  
  
"Immediately give me the list of those wonderful people who admire me.
I'll prepare immediately and depart by noon tomorrow. I'll draw up a
schedule, but I think we can join up with Miss Aoi and the others in the
Barlmin territory capital."  
  
"Understood. I'll start preparing immediately."  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0013.md)

