[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0009.md)



# Chapter 37: The Cursed Sword and the Swordsman

Aoi and Hisui quietly slipped out of the inn's dining hall and sat down
on the stairs outside the inn. The night breeze felt nice against their
alcohol-warmed bodies.  
  
"If we stayed there, we would’ve become the entertainment for their
drinking..."  
  
In fact, the men were more intoxicated by Aoi and Hisui's strong and
beautiful figures than by the alcohol. However, Aoi and Hisui were both
oblivious to romantic interests from the men and mistook the gazes of
affection directed at them as gazes of curiosity...  
  
Hisui asked Aoi something she had been wondering about.  
  
"Aoi, do you know anything about that swordsman's magic sword?"  
  
Aoi removed Darkness Cutter, sheath and all, from her waist, and pulled
it out of the sheath just enough to show Hisui the blade.  
  
"There are three magic swords clad in darkness. One of them is this
Darkness Cutter."  
  
Aoi snapped Darkness Cutter back into its sheath.  
  
"The other two are Magicule Eater and Corruption Poison. Those two are a
set and exert their true power together. Magicule Eater absorbs the
opponent's magicules into its blade.  
Depending on how it's used, it can seal magic itself. In fact, one of
the Six Heroes, the Dragon Knight Aldey, had his right arm cut off by
Magicule Eater, sealing his light magic. Although Aldey uses a cunning
technique of using magicules themselves as a means of attack even after
his light magic was sealed."  
  
Aoi inserted Darkness Cutter into her waist belt, stood up, and looked
up at the stars in the sky. The twinkling lights spread across the dark
sky.  
  
"The other, Corruption Poison, releases the magicules absorbed by
Magicule Eater as miasma, which contaminates matter. Originally, Luke
used those two. After Luke died, Buenos used them, but now that
swordsman named Vegas is using Corruption Poison."  
  
"Who are those two swordsmen?"  
  
Aoi was silent for a while in response to that question. It was time for
Aoi to calm her feelings.  
  
"Buenos was originally one of the warriors who gathered to defeat Luke.
But he was fascinated by Luke's power, no, Luke's dark power. We
couldn't stop Buenos from falling to Luke's side."  
  
Aoi squeezed out the words with regret. Aoi’s words reminded Hisui of
the Six Heroes.  
  
(So there was light and shadow among the Six Heroes as well...)  
  
"After that, Buenos became something like Luke's right-hand man and
seemed to be conducting research on engraving magic with users under his
command."  
  
(Are the imitations of the dark magic swords the result of inscription
magic...?)  
  
Hisui recalled the cursed sword held by the swordsman she fought in the
royal capital. However, Aoi had crushed it to pieces.  
  
"I don't know a swordsman named Vegas... No, wait. That's right, a boy
among Buenos' subordinates might have been named Vegas."  
  
Next to Aoi, who was deep in thought, Hisui realized the magnitude of
the situation and quietly sighed.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0009.md)

