[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0006.md)



# 233 New Resolve

"Well then, you two. I'll see you there."

<br />
As Aria was enveloped in the "darkness" of 【Reality Breaker】 and
disappeared, Karla smiled at Nero and Feld, performed an elegant curtsy,
and her figure vanished as if swallowed by the darkness.

"............"

"Gaa..."

The two who were left behind stared for a while at the place where the
two girls, probably the strongest on this continent, had disappeared,
and then looked at each other.

Both Feld and Nero knew that girl.

Feld had been with her during the Royal Dungeon exploration, but they
hadn't talked much, and he remembered her as a dangerous person who had
messed things up in the end. In Nero's case, it was even worse; she had
come to kill him the moment they met, a troublesome person.

"...Is she coming?"

Feld couldn't help but mutter, thinking about the reinforcements that
had been decided upon without his input.

As Karla had said, if she were to come to Dandorle as a reinforcement,
she would be a force equivalent to an army on her own. This might
increase the survival rate of themselves and the knights under Dandorle,
but as Aria feared, unless Karla's motives were understood, in the worst
case, Feld and the others would have to protect Dandorle from her as
well.

<br />
To be honest, he felt inadequate that he was making Aria feel anxious
about their fighting strength, but if Aria and Nero, who had actually
fought the Undead, judged so, then it would truly be a dangerous
mission.

Feld and Nero couldn't dismiss her thoughtlessly because they fully
understood Aria's feelings, who had coldly calculated their survival
rate and had no choice but to rely on a dangerous person (Karla).

<br />
"...First of all, I'll inform our comrades from the nearby guild. I
don't know how much time is left until the attack, but Dalton and Mira
should be able to arrive in about a day. ...Ah~, that's why we have to
hurry... Will you give me a ride?"

"............"

Because the other party was a beast, it turned into a monologue, but
Nero, sensing that Feld was unsure of their relationship, sighed like a
human and tapped his back with the whiskers extending from his ears.

<br />
--Ride--

"Thanks!"

<br />
A man and a beast ran through the forest, the girls headed to their
respective battlefields, and the battle situation began to move again.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
I use 【Reality Breaker】 to jump from forest to forest, from mountain
to mountain.

【Reality Breaker】 is different from spatial transfer, as I can only
jump to places I can see, but even so, if I can instantly jump over
forests and mountains, it should be quite fast.

But that's only as long as my mana lasts. Using dragon blood pills can
alleviate it to some extent, but the "Dragon Pills," which can become
poisonous if overused, cannot be used frequently considering the battle
in Melrose.

Even so, in about half a day, the castle walls of the royal capital came
into view. From here, the Dandorle mansion should be nearby, but since
it's already dark, I don't know if they would trust me if I went alone.
Also, if I get distracted by that, I might not make it in time for the
attack on Melrose.

Either way, Feld should have already contacted them. If I can't find the
Second Knight Order here, then it's better to leave the rest to Feld and
Karla.

I have no more business here. But... even so, there was one place I
wanted to stop by.

<br />
--Ton.

My toes touched the stone floor of the terrace at night, making a faint
sound.

The Princess Palace in the royal capital's castle. I never used to look
at it like this when I was here, but even after only a few months, I
feel quite nostalgic.

It's quiet and silent. The sounds I hear in the distance, are they from
the maids still working, or are they the noises of the city reaching me?

Unconsciously, I silenced my footsteps and walked through the Princess
Palace.

As someone who is unofficially dead, there's no point in me being here.
Just the sight of me by a soldier would cause problems.

Even so, if Sera or the people of the Dark unit are here, I can directly
convey the details and avoid problems due to communication failures, so
coming here isn't meaningless in itself.

"............"

No, that's not the real reason.

From now on, I'm going to fight against more than a hundred Undead. I
don't intend to fight with the intention of losing, but unlike normal
Undead creatures, Undead retain their skills and can use them.

Undead Knights - without the fear of their bodies being destroyed,
without weaknesses like vampires, a well-organized Undead Knight Order.

I think I can win against ten or so with brute force, but what if there
are a hundred?

Amor is probably in either Dandorle or Melrose, and I think there's a
higher probability that he'll target the Prime Minister rather than
attacking the Commander-in-Chief. Who can say that Amor, who obtained
that 【Gift】, isn't Undead? In that state, how much can I protect?

<br />
As I was thinking about such things while walking down a certain
corridor, there was a greenhouse that made generous use of expensive
glass panels.

Even on a winter-like night, only this place still retained the warmth
of the day.

In the greenhouse with many plants, a girl who was drinking tea at a
table illuminated by a faint lamp noticed me and raised her face.

<br />
"Welcome back, Aria."

"I'm back..."

<br />
My kind, comrade... friend. The girl whom I hadn't seen in a long time
looked somewhat thinner than before. Elena would not normally be alone
in such a place, so I thought she was waiting for me.

Elena, with only a shawl over her nightdress, stood up and slowly
approached, neither rejoicing at our reunion nor scolding me for acting
without permission, but pressed her forehead against my shoulder, which
was slightly taller than hers... ton.

<br />
"You're going to fight again..."

"Yeah."

"Sera told me... A message came from the Rainbow Sword."

"Can you move the Knights?"

"I still can't move the Knights. The Commander-in-Chief, who was still
in the castle, divided a hundred knights into two under the guise of an
exercise, and hurriedly returned to the mansion with half of them and
Rockwell. I wanted to stop them if possible, but..."

"............"

We don't have the words to stop a knight who is trying to protect his
family.

The Dandorle family should also have long-distance magic tools, but even
if they are notified, there's no guarantee that the place they flee to
is safe.

"The Prime Minister hasn't been contacted yet on the way back to the
mansion. I was able to contact the Melrose mansion, so I can send out
the Knights if the attack starts, but with my authority, I can only move
a portion of the Royal Knights and the troops that the
Commander-in-Chief left behind..."

<br />
In the current situation, the Royal Family, whose power is declining,
cannot easily move the Knights. The King, who is so indulgent to his
family, must be conflicted about killing his own younger brother.

Also, if the Knights are moved without any certainty, it will be taken
advantage of by the aristocratic faction. If that happens, the current
movement to make Elena Queen could be in vain.

That would be a political setback for Melrose and Dandorle, who are
supporting Princess Elena. But...

<br />
"For now, that's good."

I'm relieved that if Amor's rebellion is confirmed in Melrose or
Dandorle, as Feld informed me, it will be possible to send out the
Knights.

From here, it's about half a day's distance... If I only have to stop
Amor and the Undead until then, considering that I would have to defend
alone, there's still hope.

"That's not good!"

Elena, who heard my muttering, took her face away from my shoulder and
grabbed my collar.

"You might die if you fight against more than a hundred Undead! No
matter how strong Aria is, you're still a 'person'!"

"Elena..."

<br />
There aren't many people who can fight me individually. However, there
is a limit to what a human can fight alone.

Especially for me, who specializes in individual battles, it was truly
necessary to risk my life to face a trained army.

Elena, who was glaring at me for my careless remark, suddenly released
her grip on my collar and lowered her eyes.

<br />
"I'm sorry."

"Why are you apologizing? It was I who acted without permission."

"That's not it. You just wanted to live freely... But my selfishness has
dragged Aria into danger. And again, I'm trying to rely on you."

"I chose this path."

Elena's selfishness was also my wish.

I want to be by my friend's side... because I also held the same
feelings as Elena, who couldn't even put such ordinary wishes into
words.

But -- that's why.

"Trust me."

I will protect Elena. I will fulfill her wish. That is my "vow."

"That's unfair..."

Elena muttered and raised her face, which had a slightly wry expression.

"Aria, you won't push yourself too hard, will you?"

"I'll be reckless."

"That's fine. That's who you are."

She said, giving a slight smile.

<br />
Elena doesn't say "Don't die." I also don't say "I won't die."

Just as I have my battle, Elena has her battle. Elena, who is no longer
a fourteen-year-old girl, but has returned to her face as a princess,
tells me, who is heading to the battlefield, the words of a member of
the Royal Family.

"In the event that Dandorle and Melrose confirm the rebellion of Prince
Amor... I, First Princess Elena, in my name, authorize his death. I will
not allow His Majesty the King to complain about this. Defeat Prince
Amor."

"Understood."

Her eyes wavered slightly at my usual short reply.

Elena is protecting me as a member of the Royal Family.

I also acknowledged that I would fulfill the "Imperial Order" as her
warrior, and in order to head to my battlefield, we turned our backs on
each other and started walking.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

This time it was an Elena episode.

It turned out longer than I expected, and the scene didn't reach
Melrose...

<br />
Next time will start from the Melrose family.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0006.md)

