[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0010.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0012.md)



# 271 Young Spirit

"GIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!"

The chimera, programmed to protect the altar, approached me from behind
with tremendous speed, and the moment its newly created bear-like giant
arm was swung down at me—

"……Hurry up."

As if reacting to my displeased mutter, light overflowed from the altar,
engulfing the entire innermost chamber.

<br />
"……Cough."

The moment I was transferred somewhere, I coughed up blood, probably
from all the strain I'd been putting on myself.

I was pretending to be fine in front of that child, but I can't push
myself too hard if I've only lost one attribute...

But I managed to reach the spirit realm as planned. It was a gamble, but
I'm glad I made it before I died.

As proof that I've reached the realm, the blood I spat out earlier has
disappeared, and my battered body and depleted mana are gradually
recovering.

"……I guess it won't fix my tattered clothes, huh?"

I threw off my tattered cloak and, imitating Aria, tore the ripped skirt
clinging to my legs vertically. This makes it easier to move, but... my
legs are still too thin.

My complexion seems to have improved a lot thanks to Aria's drastic
medicine, but it's pale and there's no meat on me, so I need to eat a
bit more, I guess?

"Well then……"

The world is covered in a milky white mist. While feeling uneasy about
the strange atmosphere that tries to calm me down, I strain my eyes and
notice that "power" is gathering in front of me.

<br />
The large-scale dungeon directly managed by the royal family, which the
Leicester family oversees.

Among the large-scale dungeons owned by the Claydale Kingdom, the spirit
of this dungeon is said to be relatively "kind to humans."

That's because its difficulty to clear is relatively easy. And like
other dungeons, it doesn't grant blessings to ordinary soldiers, but
rather to those with strong wills. However, the spirit of this dungeon
grants blessings to more people than the spirits of other dungeons.

<br />
I had been diving into this dungeon since I was a child.

That's because if it's easy to clear, I might be able to gain a
blessing. And when I examined the literature regarding the spirit of
this dungeon, which was also in the Leicester family's forbidden books,
I had doubts about the spirit's nature.

Having become strong with the resolve to kill and the resolve to die as
my hope for living, I also researched the literature of the Magicians'
Guild to clear up those doubts, dived into the dungeon several times,
and came to one conclusion.

<br />
The spirit of this dungeon is not "kind."

The spirit of this dungeon is "easy."

<br />
《――Are you the "human" who uttered abusive language to me?――》

<br />
It appeared in the space where the power had gathered.

Unlike the spirit of the isolated island dungeon or the spirit of the
demon fortress, it was in the form of a "child" dressed in ethnic
clothing from an old era.

In a word, it was very young. Its appearance, which was neither male nor
female, and its words and actions that summoned it here in response to
my abusive language, all seemed "childish."

"I apologize for that. As a fragile human, it couldn't be helped in such
a situation?"

When I offered a perfunctory apology, the spirit nodded as if looking
down on me.

<br />
《――Since you are a frail human, it cannot be helped... Humans die so
easily. That is why, in your small form, you desire power――》

<br />
The spirit said so and convinced itself on its own.

I can't tell if it's male or female from the way it speaks or its voice.
Or maybe it has no gender at all?

<br />
《――Then, human girl. It is rare for me to show my form even when I
grant power. As a reward for summoning me, I shall grant you a
"Gift"――》

<br />
I researched this dungeon's spirit and made a hypothesis.

The spirit here is still "young." Not in the sense of age, but I
hypothesized that the majority of the residual thoughts that form its
core are still of a young child.

The old forbidden books said that before the Claydale Kingdom became
one, the king at the time took many wives and sent many members of the
royal family into this dungeon in order to counter the southern Melrose
Duchy and the northern Dandorl Duchy.

At that time, the dungeon only had seventy floors, and the spirit was
probably just born. It became known that it granted blessings, and many
young members of the royal family, who held the hope of protecting this
country and the ambition of annexing other countries, seemed to have
lost their lives here.

As a result, the newly born spirit absorbed the thoughts of the young
royals, becoming a spirit with a form and mind that could not fully
become an adult like it is now.

...If this hypothesis is correct, it really was a forbidden book that
couldn't be shown to the public.

And now, by meeting this spirit, I have confirmed that my hypothesis is
correct.

<br />
Because the spirit is young, it summoned me after being subjected to
abusive language.

Because the spirit is young, the former crown prince and his
companions... even that fake saint were able to obtain blessings.

Because the spirit is young... their wishes are conveniently
misinterpreted.

Like the temple director's grandson, who sought power to protect someone
important and ended up making a contract with a demon.

Like the royal brother, who sought a strong body to counter power and
ended up being parasitized by insects.

Really, it's all so awful...

But this spirit isn't evil. It's just innocent. History books show that
if the wish is pure and not tainted with greed, a corresponding blessing
can be obtained.

That's why I...

Won't wish.

<br />
"What I desire is... a 'trade'."

<br />
   ＊＊＊

<br />
"Snow!"

I heard Aria's voice as I returned to reality.

Good... both of them are still safe. But it seems they weren't
completely unharmed.

I had been wondering why Aria wasn't called by that spirit, but I
understood when I saw the two of them fighting as if protecting each
other. Aria... you rejected it, didn't you?

It's not because you don't have a wish. Although the sense of time is
different here and there, I thought that you deliberately stayed behind
for the sake of the kitty who would be left alone over there.

That's just like you... really.

I wonder how long it's been since I disappeared.

The time to count to ten? Or a hundred? During that time, Aria and Kitty
were fighting to buy time for me. No, it's not just that. Coming to this
dungeon was also for my sake, who was on the verge of death...

<br />
Aria's wish is for my body to be healed.

But the "Golden Dagger" that erases attributes, which she received in
the demon fortress dungeon, was only obtainable because Aria wished for
it as a reward for abandoning her own wish and as a wish for two people,
with the restriction that it be used for me.

That's why I have to choose the option of healing my body with my own
will this time.

I could have just wished for power from this dungeon's spirit to defeat
the chimera. But that would be betraying Aria. The meaning of coming
this far would be lost.

That's why I guided the young spirit's thoughts and found a way to do
both.

My body won't be completely healed.

I won't be able to defeat the chimera perfectly.

But that's fine. A "life (battle)" where I can see the future is boring.

<br />
"GIIIIIIIGYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!"

<br />
The chimera, noticing me, left the two of them and headed towards me.

Because it has some intelligence, it roared in anger and attacked me
with all its might, both because it was tricked by me and because of the
order to protect the altar.

"……That's fine with me."

New mana surges through my entire body, and the two attributes  gather
in both arms.

<br />
"--【Ice Storm】--"

<br />
A directional ice storm held back the charging chimera—

<br />
"--【Chase Lightning】--"

<br />
Several bolts of lightning accurately struck the chimera's limbs and
head.

<br />
"--GIGAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!"

The chimera let out a scream of agony as it was hit by the "rank 5"
magic, which was unleashed almost simultaneously and with even greater
power.

The simultaneous activation of rank 5 magic was difficult for the
previous me.

I will surpass the previous "me."

<br />
\[Snow\] \[Race: Human ♀\] \[Rank 5\]

\[Magic Value: 432/640\] 20Up \[HP: 34/48\] 3Up

\[Strength: 7 (9)\] \[Durability: 4 (5)\] 1Up \[Agility: 14 (18)\]
\[Dexterity: 10\]

\[Body Art Lv.3\]

\[Light Magic Lv.5\] \[Dark Magic Lv.5\] 1Up

\[Water Magic Lv.0\] 5down \[Fire Magic Lv.0\] 5down

\[Wind Magic Lv.0\] 5down \[Earth Magic Lv.0\] 5down

\[Ice Magic Lv.5\] New \[Lightning Magic Lv.5\] New

\[Non-Attribute Magic Lv.5\] \[Life Magic x6\] \[Mana Control Lv.6\] 1Up

\[Intimidation Lv.5\] \[Detection Lv.2\] \[Abnormal Resistance Lv.3\]
1Up \[Poison Resistance Lv.3\]

\[Simple Appraisal\]

\[Overall Combat Power: 1920 (Magic Attack Power: 2880)\] 35Up



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0010.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0012.md)

