[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0023.md)



# 250 Graduation Event "Obsession"

The audience, who had been simply watching the unfolding events, gasped
as a wave of sound rippled through them.

I can understand the reason even from my perspective. The nobles who
believed in the teachings of the Holy Church had personally seen her
character and acknowledged her as the "Saintess," and they revered her,
even with the influence of suspicious forces.

That's why they noticed. That the contents of the Saintess had changed
into "something else."

<br />
"Eh? What was I dooooooiiiiing――"

Her head, which she tried to tilt, bent so far sideways that it seemed
about to break, and her right and left eyes moved as if looking at
different things. From beside her, the white-clad maid—Colette—whispered
softly.

"The contractor will become 'happy.'"

"――That's right! I will be happy!"

Mishii...

In response to those words, she twisted her bent neck, forcing her face
forward, and her neck joints cried out in agony with a nasty sound.

"I, ha, ha, haaa――Don't come inside meeeeeee!"

Her eyes, which had suddenly cried out in anguish, shook violently, and
for a moment, her eyes seemed to return to sanity, but then they rolled
back, and the next moment, she burst into a shrill laughter again.

"Kyahahahahahahahahahahahahahah! That's right! 'I' will become the
heroine!"

Amidst the extraordinary scene, "something" that had become her looked
around and called out the name of "me," whom she found.

"Aliciaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

<br />
This voice filled with madness... Looking at her expression filled with
obsession, I understood the "identity" that had entered her.

"...'That woman,' huh?"

Long ago, when I was young and knew nothing, that woman with the
memories of a previous life who tried to take my place after I escaped
from the orphanage.

I gained fragmentary knowledge when my blood touched the "magic stone"
that sealed that woman's memories. Still, the "knowledge" that flowed
into me was only the knowledge that woman had gained in this world, and
the "essence" to which that woman was fixated was unaffected because I
unconsciously rejected it.

I crushed the magic stone as much as possible, but even though the
surface was brittle, the core was solid and couldn't be crushed, so I
had no choice but to throw it into the gutter.

I thought it would eventually weather away if I didn't touch the wound.
But... now that I think about it, the brittle part was probably the part
where I gained knowledge. That part had fulfilled its role. The
remaining core was the part where that woman's essence was recorded, and
someone with a matching wavelength picked it up without it weathering
away.

<br />
"Seize that woman!"

"Everyone, evacuate from this place immediately!"

There, Grand Knight Commander Dandorle Frontier Count raised his voice
and, as His Majesty the King had decided in advance, ordered the
graduates and general public to evacuate.

In response to his voice, the security knights, who had been deployed in
larger numbers than usual for this occasion, rushed forward.

"Don't approach carelessly!"

Seeing that, I couldn't help but stop them. That woman is strange, but
that Colette is clearly abnormal as well. Aside from her hair turning
white, her very presence no longer felt like a "person."

"Aria!"

Seeing my reaction, Elena orders me, her guard, to quell the situation.
But before I can move, someone else moves first.

<br />
"――【Fire Javelin】――"

"!?!"

The fire magic was unleashed almost directly behind me, and I pushed
Elena to the ground to protect her.

"Karla!"

"Fufu."

Karla laughed at my shout, and her 【Fire Javelin】 flew through the
venue, striking Colette, who had shielded that woman, directly.

Doooon!

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"

"Gwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Flames and heat scattered. Because offensive magic that could kill
people was used in such a place, the nobles who had returned to their
senses screamed and fled in panic, and the knights who were caught in
the aftermath of the flames nearby rolled around on the floor.

"How terrible..."

Colette, who had blocked the flames with her left arm, turned her dark
eyes towards Karla, creating a new arm out of nematodes in place of her
charred arm. Karla floated in the air and smiled down at Colette from
the high ceiling, which was about three stories high.

That ability is the same as Amor's power? If so, then she is――.

"You're a 'demon'..."

<br />
Karla's clear voice flowed smoothly through the chaotic venue. Those who
heard it stopped in their tracks for a moment, and those who understood
its meaning widened their eyes.

For the past year or so, the royal capital had been terrified of the
threat of demons. However, there was someone who could defeat them, and
by putting the Saintess forward, the Holy Church prevented people from
being crushed by anxiety.

But it was the Saintess who invited that demon into the royal capital...
into the castle.

Colette is a demon? The adventurer girl I met in that town... I lost
sight of her along the way, but was she a demon from the beginning?

<br />
"Mage Order, forward! Suppress it!"

At that moment, a voice echoed, and the Chief Court Magician—Count
Leicester—instructed his subordinates.

"Don't worry about involving my daughter!"

To such heartless words, the magicians did not hesitate and fired
offensive magic of water and wind, trying to involve Karla.

Colette still carried the woman, whose behavior was still erratic, and
jumped down, while Karla deflected the magic with a wind barrier.

"...Father, what's going on?"

"Hmph. Those are words I wouldn't expect from you, who tried to involve
Her Highness the Princess. You can die as a cornerstone of the royal
family. That's what you want, isn't it?"

Count Leicester, her father, squinted and returned his feelings of
hatred to Karla.

<br />
"Stop it! Earl Leicester and Miss Karla, this is no time to be
fighting!"

There, His Majesty the King, who had stepped forward to protect Elena
and me who were lying on the floor, raised his voice and tried to
admonish father and daughter.

But――

"I will be free to do as I please. Now that the 'actors' have gathered."

Karla spoke leisurely, and turned her eyes, which had been facing her
father and His Majesty, back to Colette.

"Are you okay with it as well? You don't need 'supporting roles'
either?"

What do those words mean? Hearing them, Colette smiled wryly and spoke
to the woman beside her.

"Contractor-dono..., there is someone who is trying to take away your
happiness. Is that okay?"

At that moment, the woman, who had been repeating strange words and
actions, stopped moving and turned her eyes around, reflecting Colette
in her cloudy pupils.

"No! No, no, no, no, kill Karla! Give me Alicia! I am the one who will
become the queen of this country!!"

Hearing the woman's words, which she spat out like foam, Colette smiled
broadly.

"――As you wish――"

In the next instant, a massive amount of mana and miasma overflowed from
Colette, and life force was lost from the girl who had been possessed by
that woman.

No, it's not life that's disappearing. What's being consumed is the
"soul" of the original girl.

<br />
『――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――ッ!!』

<br />
Colette let out a cry that no human could hear, and the decorative
stained glass windows that lined the wall shattered. Fragments of the
glass rained down on the general public who were too late to escape,
turning the scene into a hellish scream. From beyond the windows,
chaotic mana could be seen rising from the buildings.

Crack, something cracked in the distance――

"――I'll help you."

Karla fired multiple fireballs towards it.

Several fireballs flew as if cutting through the night sky, engulfing
the roof of the building in flames.

Dooooooooon!!

An explosion echoed from afar, and the general public who were still
safe looked in that direction and let out a scream-like voice.

"The temple!?"

In that direction was the Holy Church's temple. And on top of that roof
was...

"Amor..."

<br />
『Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!』

<br />
A scream is heard from the direction of the temple. No, the roar of a
beast, not of a human, reverberates, and a giant humanoid figure began
to move from within the blazing flames.

Amor was defeated by Karla on the temple. Its remains had frozen without
melting, but Karla had only frozen it and hadn't finished it off, and
the demon was trying to use it?

But that's not Amor anymore. It's just a monster with Amor's magic stone
left behind. As proof, that insect monster wasn't coming here, but had
jumped off the roof of the temple and was attacking the residents.

<br />
"Aria, go! Don't worry about us!"

"...Understood."

After confirming that the Royal Knights were surrounding the royal
family, I nodded to Elena and jumped out from beside her.

First, I should stop Colette, but I can't leave Amor alone either. I've
also asked Dalton and the others to stand by in case of unforeseen
circumstances, but I don't know how many residents will be sacrificed
before my companions arrive.

"tsu!"

However, someone attacked me as if to stop me from jumping out.

"Aliciaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

That woman! The original girl, "Licia," had low physical abilities, and
her mana was so low that it could barely be felt, but her attack was
sharp enough to stop me.

<br />
【Name Unknown】 【Race: Human Female】 【Rank ――】

【Mana: 542/0】 【Stamina: 120/173】

【Overall Combat Power: ―― (Body Enhancement in Progress: ――)】

<br />
Her base mana is 0? But the mana is there, was that because the magic
stone had stored the demon's mana? I don't know her combat power, but
she was enhancing her body beyond its physical limits, and her bones
were creaking and blood was spurting out just from moving slightly.

"Where are you going? Alicia-san."

Floating directly behind her was the person controlling her.

"Colette!"

The demon in Colette's skin smiled at me with the exact same face she
had when we met in that town.

"...Were you a demon from the beginning?"

"Fufu... Thank you for dealing with the 'demon (children).'"

The smile she showed was full of mercy, which was hard to believe for a
demon... but it was overflowing with demonic madness.

<br />
This is what's terrifying about demons. The terror of demons isn't their
strength or cruelty.

Even if they're weak demons, they don't fear their own destruction, they
even find joy in the destruction of their companions, they betray
everything for pleasure, and they'll even cheer for their own
destruction.

Colette was a demon from the beginning. I don't know where she switched,
but she was already a demon when I met her.

From her mimicry ability and the way she treated the bone demons and
faceless demons as children, I can infer that this demon is older than
those two.

<br />
"It's not fair to play just the two of you."

At that moment, a radial flame swept through, engulfing the venue and
the people who were too late to escape, behind Colette, who dodged the
attack.

"――Black-haired... woman!"

"Play with me too."

Colette, who had been interrupted, released a flash of mana, and Karla
blocked it with lightning, causing a shockwave of mana to rage.

<br />
"Aliciaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Even during that time, that woman was attacking while shouting.

I took out concealed weapons from 【Shadow Storage】 and slashed at her
arms and neck, but the wounds were filled with insects and didn't become
fatal.

Did Colette's ability change Amor as well...? If Colette is the identity
of the "Nightmare" in that town, then the insects are the cause of
manipulating the dead and creating the undead with nightmares.

"Give me, give me you! I'm the one who's going to be the happiest!"

"Kuh."

Her muscles tore and her bones shattered from excessive use of her body.
Her movements are fast, but she's still just using her physical
abilities. But I can't stop Amor like this.

The moment I felt impatient, a powerful presence and killing intent
burst forth from under my feet.

"Gaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!"

A black giant jumped out from my "shadow," and its claws blew that woman
away.

"Nero!"

Nero had been lurking in my shadow, but he didn't try to get involved in
the fight between people. Nero is there to protect me, not to protect
people.

But the reason Nero showed himself is...

"Gaa..."

Nero looked outside the castle. In that direction was the burning Holy
Church temple, and the screams of people could still be heard.

Did he understand my intentions, or was it to settle the score with the
"prey (Amor)" that he had once let escape?

"I'll leave it to you, Nero."

――End――

Nero left those words behind and jumped out of the destroyed window,
heading towards the temple, and I watched him go with my eyes.

<br />
"Ouch!"

That woman, who had been blown away by Nero, stood up in her
blood-stained dress. Her chest had been roughly torn open by Nero's
claws, but the wound was being closed as if insects were filling it in.

"Aliciaaaaa, I finally found youuuu! I'm going to become you! In order
for me to be happy, to to to to to to to――"

Her face, which had been smiling madly when she found me, changed its
expression as if it were broken from the impact of the attack, and when
her swirling eyes looked at me, a single tear flowed from one eye where
the madness had disappeared.

"…………"

<br />
Is there still "Licia's" heart left?

Perhaps the soul of that woman wasn't originally left behind, but the
memory of that woman's obsession is simply overwriting Licia's soul.

Even so, it seems that a "magic stone" as a substance cannot perfectly
seal memories and thoughts, and I could feel that the soul was suffering
from the obsession that had been smeared halfway on it.

"...I understand."

I have no obligation to show you mercy. If you picked up that magic
stone and used its "knowledge," then only I, who gained knowledge from
the same magic stone, can understand. What you've done so far wasn't
because you were manipulated by the magic stone, but because of your own
will.

I have no obligation to save you. However... I also owe that woman
something.

<br />
I untied the black dress's asymmetrical right ribbon, and equipped the
knife and dagger that were tied to my freed right leg.

I won't show mercy. But――

<br />
"I'll kill you."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0023.md)

