[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0005.md)



# 264 Large-Scale Dungeon

A town with a dungeon managed by the Leicester family.

A town with a dungeon managed by the new Count Leicester.

Even when the lord changes, people's lives don't. However, unlike the
days of my father, who had no interest in governing, I felt the passage
of time in the increased number of guards in the town and the kinder
faces of the knights guarding the dungeon entrance.

"Ladies, we can't keep an eye on you inside, so please don't go too
deep..."

"Thank you. But it's okay, we're used to it."

I wonder if there's another reason why the young knights are so kind...?

I, who had temporarily registered as an adventurer, entered the
large-scale dungeon with Aria.

"...Nyaa"

Correction. There was also a kitty.

It hadn't shown its face at the Adventurer's Guild, but the moment we
entered the labyrinth, a black kitty jumped onto Aria's shoulder...
well, whatever, its "kitty imitation" is quite elaborate.

<br />
Even inside the labyrinth, near the entrance on the first basement
floor, you can see a number of adventurers.

Of course, if they're skilled adventurers, they'll quickly descend to
the lower levels, so those who are in such a place are probably
hopeless.

As two women, we can feel less-than-friendly gazes from such people.

<br />
Children with a lot of mana grow up quickly. Adults with a lot of mana
age slowly.

There are theories that they grow up quickly so that the magic stones
generated in their bodies don't become a burden, or that they age slowly
because they are closer to the sub-species of elves, but anyway, our
current appearances are about sixteen years old, one or two years older
than our actual ages.

The growth rate has slowed down compared to when we were younger because
it's said that the age at which growth acceleration and aging
deceleration switch is around twenty for men and around seventeen for
women, so we're approaching that age. Therefore...

"Aria, you're beautiful."

Enough to needlessly attract the attention of men. But still, you're
more beautiful covered in blood.

"Don't say stupid things, let's decide on the strategy route."

"Yes, yes."

"Nyaa..."

Giving a casual response to Aria and the kitty, who were looking at me
with dumbfounded eyes, I chuckled while confirming some of the gazes
that had disappeared at some point.

Ah... I wonder whose blood will stain us this time.

<br />
A large-scale dungeon that has only been cleared by the brute force of
noble's wealth.

I wondered how Aria was going to clear it, as she said we would clear it
with just the two of us and a kitty...

"In the end, it's just brute force."

"It's not a problem for us, right?"

Aria replies matter-of-factly to my complaint.

<br />
The reason why adventurers can't clear it is because they can't carry
the necessary supplies and combat power to reach the lowest level.

The reason why nobles can only use brute force is because they can only
gather numbers to reach the deepest part while preserving their combat
power.

But we're different. Our "conditions" are fundamentally different.

<br />
We head straight down without making any detours.

General adventurers can reach around the tenth floor, so there is little
danger and a lot of information. In particular, we don't need to obtain
materials or magic stones from monsters, so we were able to descend to
the third floor without fighting even once, thanks to the kitty's light
intimidation.

<br />
"Shall we take a break?"

"...Understood."

When I say that after about half an hour, Aria agrees with a dubious
expression. Does this girl not remember that I'm recovering from an
illness?

Well, I'm not actually tired enough to need a break. With my amount of
mana, the consumption and natural recovery are almost balanced for body
strengthening to the extent of walking.

When I'm thirsty, I don't even need to take out a water bottle, I can
just drink straight from my hand using the \[Flow\] life magic.

The reason I wanted to rest was because if we advance too quickly, they
won't be able to catch up, right?

<br />
"...You even brought something like that?"

"Oh, Aria. Hydration is necessary, you know?"

Aria looks at me in amazement as I take out tea-making tools from my
\[Shadow Storage\].

It's used military equipment that I bought at a street stall in town,
with a small oil lamp and a kettle on top to boil water. I put the tea
leaves directly into it and pour in water with \[Flow\], and when I try
to light it...

"Don't use 'fire'."

Aria, who noticed it, grabbed my wrist.

<br />
I have lost my fire attribute. As a result, the magic stone has become
smaller, and my physical condition has improved... but it's not like I
can't regain the fire attribute.

It would be like starting from scratch again, but if I train hard, I
should be able to generate a magic stone again.

I think it would be okay to use life magic that doesn't involve
attributes, but Aria wouldn't even allow that.

<br />
"In that case, could you light the fire?"

"Understood."

We drink tea in silence for a while. After some time has passed, and the
kitty starts getting bored and restless, we start moving again.

Well... my intuition tells me it's about time.

<br />
After a little while, around the area where the stairs to the fourth
floor come into view, Aria suddenly turns around.

"Were you perhaps waiting for this?"

"Yes, of course."

When I reply with a full smile to the dissatisfied Aria, she lets out a
deep sigh.

And, as we approach the stairs...

<br />
"Ladies, this area is closed."

About ten men were waiting for us in front of the stairs.

All of them, ranging from their mid-twenties to mid-thirties, were
warrior-types or scouts, and they looked at us... especially at Aria,
who was showing her face, with lewd smiles.

It's not particularly unusual. Even if they become adventurers with
dreams and hopes at first, they come to see their own limits as they get
older.

Even if they reach their limits, people who train multiple skills and
can do various things are called "veterans," and those who can't even do
that become "dropouts" and learn to suck sweet juice from others.

<br />
They could use that effort to become stronger... but it's impossible.

Half of the men were Rank 3, but they didn't even have Appraisal with a
Magic Value of around 50, and it's pointless to talk to people who can't
feel the strength of an enemy with their skin.

<br />
"Could you please move?"

Aria said quietly without even using intimidation.

"We can't do that. We haven't been able to earn much outside lately...
Just be quiet. You don't like pain, do you?"

The man who seemed to be the leader said jokingly, and the other men
laughed.

I see. So they're repeat offenders after all. They've been ambushing
women and adventurers who look wealthy like this, though it's not newbie
hunting.

But, too bad for them.

To admit their crime in front of Aria...

<br />
"Nero. That's enough."

<br />
"GAAAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"

At that moment, a jet-black beast that sprang out from Aria's expanded
shadow tore apart several men like rags from directly below.

"What!?"

The leader turns around to the screams from directly behind him. But...

"Is it okay to look away?"

Aria, who instantly slashes and kills the two vanguards in front of the
leader, who flinches and turns back to face forward, raises her black
knife.

"Damn!"

Even though he's rotten, he's Rank 3. That man, who had a combat power
of over 300, instinctively tried to receive the attack with his gauntlet
--

"--tsu!"

The leader's head, with an expression of astonishment still on his face,
was blown off in one blow, as the hard leather gauntlet, flesh, bone,
and the neck beyond it were all severed.

Her skill is impressive, but... that's Aria's new weapon.

<br />
"W-What is that monster!?"

"Hyaaa!?"

The surviving men, whose comrades were being killed in an instant, turn
towards me, who is dressed as a magician.

Ah, good... If no one had come, it would have been a waste to have
summoned them all the way from the entrance to here.

A smile appears on my lips.

Terror appears on the faces of the men who see it.

<br />
"--\[Thunderbolt (Digvolt)\]--"

The dazzling lightning emitted from my entire body entangles the men,
and I grab the faces of the two stiffening men with both hands.

"--\[Ice Lance\]--"

The ice lance fired from my palms pierces through their mouths and out
the back of their heads, nailing the blown-off men to the dungeon wall.

...It wasn't even a good test for my recovery. You guys were unlucky
too.

Because...

"The highest fighting force in this country is here, you know?"


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0005.md)

