[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0015.md)



# 242 Distorted Holy War 9

"I caught you~â™ª"

"What!?"

<br />
Amor, whose mana stone was exposed and grabbed after being slashed by
Feld's combat skills, sees the figure of a black-haired girl with a
faint smile fluttering there.

"Karlaaaaa!!"

Amor, with his mana stone, the vital point of his life activity,
touched, flails his arms in a flustered manner. However, his
hypertrophied body, which prioritized simple attack power and defense,
was unable to aim properly at Karla behind him.

"You, were you aiming for my mana stone from the start!?"

"That's right. Because you were troublesome."

<br />
If she had gone all out from the start, even the immortal Amor could
have been burned to ashes. But that would have meant Karla sacrificing
her own life as well.

She has no regrets about "life" anymore. Even so, she had no intention
of dying before plunging the royal capital into a sea of fire and blood
and settling things with that girl.

More than that...

"Being bothered by a trivial existence like you is unpleasant."

<br />
An enormous flame overflows from the hand grasping Amor's halved mana
stone, burning Amor's life and body.

Both had wished for a "Blessing (Gift)" from the spirits, but while Amor
sought power that didn't suit him due to his low self-esteem, Karla
wished for an advance on the power she would eventually obtain.

From the beginning, Karla had no intention of accomplishing anything
with "someone else's" power.

The reason people can't use magic above their own rank is because they
lack the mana control and the techniques to construct the magic, causing
them to consume several times the normal amount of mana.

But Karla had estimated that with the infinite mana of the "Soul Thorn,"
she could use magic up to two levels higher.

Karla was confident that in another ten or so years, she would be able
to reach magic level 7 with her own abilities alone. It wasn't because
she was a genius, but because she was a talented type, she could see the
path to that point, but at the same time, she realized that she wouldn't
live that long.

That's why Karla, who was eleven years old at the time, came up with the
idea of borrowing "her own power" that she would eventually obtain by
throwing away her remaining life.

She was able to have that resolve because of that girl -- Aria.

She fought that girl and sought "salvation" in "death." Dyeing this
country, which had ruined her life, in blood had also become a "stage"
for "dancing" with Aria.

Karla felt displeasure at the fact that a "fake" with no proper resolve
was trying to step onto that celebratory stage as if it were their own.

<br />
"Now, what are you going to do? "Your Highness, the Royal Brother"...
You're going to die, you know?"

"Damn youuu!!"

In response to Karla's taunting words, Amor releases mana from his mana
stone in anger to repel Karla. Amor's mana repels the flames and
counteracts Karla's mana, but even if that prevents the destruction of
the mana stone, the overflowing flames burn Amor's body, where the mana
has thinned.

<br />
"... What's that?"

"Jesha, don't let your attention wander!! There are still enemies!"

Dalton shouted at Jesha, who muttered in amazement at the scene, as if
to bring her back to her senses.

It's not like Dalton isn't concerned. It's even more so for Feld, who
had been fighting until then. Even so, he realized that the battle was a
"battle that transcended the boundaries of humans," like Aria's battle
with the Black Dragon, and he believed that concentrating on his own job
was the pride of a professional adventurer.

However, not everyone was able to compartmentalize so easily, and even
in a situation where no one could interfere or even approach the clash
of mana, the rainbow-colored sword, whether out of loyalty or instinct
towards the higher-ranking undead, immediately switched its focus and
struck down the confused Second Knight Order, who were trying to assist
Amor.

<br />
"Guooooh..."

As a result, that action became support for Karla, and seeing that, Amor
let out a groan of impatience for the first time, putting his strength
into desperately trying to shake Karla off.

"What's wrong? Is that your limit? But you can rest assured..."

But Karla, as if to further taunt Amor, whispered softly into his ear
while gripping his mana stone.

<br />
--I'll make sure to kill that parasite woman too--

<br />
"Wha..."

At those words, the only remaining "human" face of Amor, who was halfway
to becoming a monster, twisted.

There is only one person whom Karla uses a derogatory term for and whom
Amor cares about. Realizing that, Amor's spirit, which had been more
than halfway turned into a monster, returned to being human, and the
human heart that yearned for her unleashed power beyond its limits.

People's feelings, whether it's pure love or twisted obsession, create a
strong power.

"I won't let youuuu!!"

Amor's power, released while shedding tears of blood and even
sacrificing his soul, not just his life or lifespan, counteracted
Karla's mana, which was trying to crush him, and gradually began to push
it back.

"Kieaaaaaaa!!"

Crack!!

Amor's mana stone cracks, unable to withstand the clash of power and
output. But at that moment, an enormous power overflows, finally blowing
Karla away.

<br />
Karla, who was blown away, brushes off the fragments of the mana stone
that remained in her hand as if they were dust, and smiles faintly as if
praising a child who had successfully counted to a number.

"Guooooooooooooooooooooooo!!"

Amor tries to hold his body together with the cracked mana stone, but
his tattered body does not regenerate, and the dying insects begin to
peel off.

"I will!!"

Gradually, the color of reason is lost from Amor's eyes. Even so,
whether it was the power of his remaining will or the heart that yearned
for the girl he loved, his eyeballs moved and turned towards the royal
capital.

"Liciaaaaaa!!"

Amor, letting out a voice as if he had lost his mind, began to run
towards that direction with his collapsing body.

No one could stop Amor, who kicked the ground with his hands and feet
like a beast and ran towards the royal capital. Karla, who possessed the
only power capable of stopping him in this place, saw him off without
stopping him, and flew into the sky, fluttering her undulating black
hair, and chased after Amor.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"Saintess-sama... are we not required to move?"

A temple knight, who was standing by the side of the Saintess Licia in
the temple of the Holy Church in the royal capital, asked in a hushed
voice. The girl, who was gazing at the scenery of the royal capital from
the window, quietly shook her head.

"No, it is not necessary."

<br />
Within the Holy Church, the "Saintess Licia Faction," centered around
the temple knights, the people at its core had grasped the actions of
Prince Amor.

What's more, Amor and the hard-liners, centered around the Second Knight
Order, and the Temple Knight Order had secretly conspired to have the
Temple Knight Order hold back the First Knight Order, which would likely
sortie at the same time as Amor attacked the Frontier Count House.

Saintess Licia is not involved in that operation. This is partly because
she herself does not have the education to understand it, but also
because Amor and the temple knights, who are devotees of the Saintess,
deliberately did not involve her in such "trivial matters."

However, it was that Saintess Licia who gave the demon instructions to
make it so.

<br />
"... But, what will you do if His Highness fails?"

The temple knight showed an uneasy face at Licia's statement that she
would definitely not provide support.

The purpose of this operation is to have Amor stand on the surface and
weaken the power of the royalist faction in the form of a "rebellion."
The Temple Knight Order is only a behind-the-scenes player and will not
appear on the surface.

Amor was planning to defeat the two Frontier Count Houses, then defeat
the First Knight Order individually while weakening the knight order's
strength, and then hide. Even if it looked like a rash act of drawing a
bow against the royal family from the sidelines, the neutral factions,
which were currently leaning towards the royalist faction, would
hesitate to openly join the royalist faction.

In the meantime, the nobles' faction would seize control of the knight
order and the central government, giving Crown Prince Elvan the actual
power as the next king, and the Holy Church would incite the people and
push Licia up as queen, and once the nobles' faction seized actual
control, they could do whatever they wanted.

In noble society, no matter how "black" something is, it can be made
"white" as long as you have the power to do so.

<br />
However, that is only if Amor can defeat Dandorle and Melrose. No matter
how much power Amor has individually, victory will be difficult if the
First Knight Order arrives in time.

If he fails to defeat even one of Dandorle and Melrose, it was easy to
imagine that they would not allow the Saintess's faction to commit
Amor's outrage and would attack Crown Prince and Saintess Licia on that
basis.

Licia turned around and smiled gently at the temple knight who was
expressing such anxiety.

"It's alright. Let's trust in Amor-sama."

<br />
Saintess Licia doesn't think Amor can win. If it were the current Amor
who had obtained the power of a demon, he might have had a chance of
succeeding on his own, but Licia believed that even if she stopped the
First Knight Order, the probability of Amor's rebellion succeeding was
low.

In order to increase that probability of victory even slightly, she had
Amor split into two.

If she used the power of a demon, she could create an infinite number of
insect replicas that shared Amor's consciousness. However, without
Amor's "mana stone," which could be called his main body, he would not
be able to regenerate, and the more the mana stone was divided, the more
the regenerative power would decrease.

Even so, if there were enough of them, they would be a fighting force,
but if the mana stone became smaller, it would become difficult to
recognize it as Amor, even with the power of a demon, and as a result,
there was a possibility that the Second Knight Order, as a pawn, would
become unusable.

More than that, Amor showed fear that the more fragmented his ego
became, the more he would simply turn into a demon.

In order to simultaneously attack the two Frontier Count Houses, they
succeeded in dividing Amor into two by distorting his mind with the
power of the demon and Licia, but even after doing so much, a certain
victory could not be expected.

The reason for this is because there are two girls that Licia recognizes
as enemies.

She had a firm premonition that at least that pink-haired girl would
definitely get in the way.

That's why she had decided to use her last "trump card" here.

<br />
Even inside the temple, this is not Licia's private room. Licia, who had
been looking at the royal capital at night, walked away from the window
and approached the only bed in the room, took out a small glass bottle
containing liquid from her chest, and knelt down beside the bed.

"Nathaniel-kun. Can you hear me?"

"..."

Nathaniel, with his pale skin and nothing but skin and bones, opened his
eyes slightly and trembled his lips, but no words came out.

No one who saw him now would think he was still a fourteen-year-old boy.
He was in such a state that it was a mystery how he was still alive.

A squeezed rag that had been constantly drained of his soul and life
force... The reason Nathaniel had been kept alive until now was because
he was a "legitimate contractor" of the demon. He, who had made a
contract in much the same way as fraud, with no proper knowledge of
demons, was still alive because the demon had recognized her as a
"temporary contractor" because she would gain more benefits by colluding
with Licia.

Nathaniel had been kept alive by Licia's will. But that was about to
end.

<br />
"I've come to say "goodbye" tonight."

"..."

Nathaniel's eyes opened at Licia's words. Even so, he couldn't move, and
Licia looked at him lovingly, put the liquid from the uncorked bottle on
her lips like rouge, and gently pressed them against Nathaniel's lips,
who was trembling with fear.

"---!"

Nathaniel's body, which had not been moving, twitched, and the light
disappeared from Nathaniel's eyes, which were shedding tears.

At that moment, the maid who had been standing behind Licia like a
shadow... the "dream demon" Colette smiled brightly and made her eyes
shine crimson.

<br />
"Now, shall we begin?"


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0015.md)

