[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0035.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 296 For Whose Sake

The counterattack began with Aria. While moving sideways, she fired a
crossbow bolt, which Klein saw and dodged as he closed in.

"Where to first, Aria! Your hands? Your feet?"

The violence unleashed from Klein's status, exceeding a combat strength
of 9000, assailed Aria.

--Clang.

"Tch."

At that moment, Klein deflected the pendulum attacking from the side
with his sword, and Aria threw a small pouch taken from her \[Shadow
Storage\].

"Poison, is it!"

Powder leaked from the pouch. Klein blew it away with sheer force,
swinging his sword, an attack that would normally be impossible to
dodge.

But--

"--!"

Klein grimaced for a moment. I see, it wasn't poison, but iron sand.

While light poisons or irritants might be easily blown away, metallic
powder cannot be. If even a little gets into his eyes for a moment...
Aria wouldn't miss that tiny opening.

"Haaah!"

Aria's black knife, filled with spirit, aimed for Klein.

--Clang!

"You think you can cut me with that?!"

Still, Klein received the knife with his sword, and Klein's magic sword
and Aria's dragon fang knife scattered sparks of mana.

Aria's combat strength is about 3300 with body enhancement. A combat
strength three times that of Aria blew her light body away.

"It's over!"

Klein, closed in with speed that gave me no chance to interfere,
thrusting his sword, its tip aiming for Aria. But... is that okay?

--Hyuun.

"What?!"

At that moment, the thread of the pendulum that Aria had placed in the
air wrapped around Klein's neck as if coiling around it. And--.

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaah!"

The kitty who had been waiting there pounced on Klein and swung its huge
claws. But even that, Klein saw and dodged with ease.

"That's all--"

At that moment, Klein's voice, which had been mocking, stopped for a
moment.

A taut, red-black thread... What the kitty was aiming for wasn't Klein,
but the thread wrapped around his neck.

The strong monster thread became as strong as steel by channeling mana.
His neck was constricted, and even Klein's complexion changed literally.

<br />
"--Iron Rose--"

<br />
\[Aria (Alicia)\] \[Race: Human Female\] \[Rank 5\]

\[Magic Value: 333/410\] \[Health Value: 251/310\]

\[Total Combat Strength: 2484 (During Special Body Enhancement: 5133)\]

<br />
There, Aria, who activated "Iron Rose," slashed Klein's abdomen with a
black dagger.

The two had managed this whole sequence of events with just a glance. We
had to go this far to reach the "Hero" with our blades.

You were too careless, Klein.

<br />
Scattered blood... Klein's face was painted with shock...

But!

"Uooooooooh!!"

Klein grabbed the thread constricting his neck and pulled it in
forcefully.

How much power does the "Hero" hold? Klein swung the kitty's huge body
around, tearing the thread while throwing it towards Aria and me.

"Nero!"

While shouting that, Aria's gaze caught me for a moment.

Yes... Aria. I understand.

I've been waiting for this moment.

<br />
"--Chase Lightning--"

<br />
The twin lightning strikes released from my hands crisscrossed, avoiding
Aria and the kitty, and struck Klein, using the kitty's massive body as
a blind spot.

<br />
"--Guoah!!"

<br />
Klein couldnâ€™t help but scream. But, not yet!

"Aria!"

At my voice, Aria and the kitty both jumped back.

<br />
"--Freeze--"

<br />
The strongest single-target freezing magic. Thanks to the time the two
of them bought, I was able to load it with plenty of mana.

Klein, who was struck by more than ten lightning bolts and was on the
verge of collapse, froze completely white.

"Snow..."

"...Yes, I know."

<br />
It's really troublesome, but we can't kill the "Hero" yet.

Killing the Hero would mean a full-scale confrontation with the Holy
Church, and not only would we become criminals to every nation on this
continent, but the Claydale Kingdom might even become isolated.

The princess might be able to do something about it... But for now,
let's crush his limbs and then think about it.

<br />
"Gahh!"

At that moment, a beam of light burst forth and pierced the kitty, who
had become our shield.

"Nero!"

--Crack!

Cracks ran across the surface of the completely white-frozen Klein, and
Klein revived as if breaking out from within.

...Are you kidding me? To still be able to move after that... How high
is his magic resistance?

Aria came forward to shield the kitty, holding her weapon, and Klein
glared at us with one eye while holding his face.

Klein's left eye was still frozen white and cloudy. That injury, which
could eventually be healed if he kept using \[Cure\], was the result of
the three of us attacking with all our might.

"Hero"... What an absurdity.

<br />
"...That's cruel. To do this to me, the 'Hero' who will save the world."

Klein muttered, his skin burned by lightning, the wound on his abdomen
slashed by Aria, healing and regaining their original state in the blink
of an eye.

Is this absurd power the "blessing" of the Hero?

"...That's enough. You guys... are no longer needed."

<br />
"Snow!"

At Aria's voice, I immediately erect a magic barrier in front, but at
the same time, I was hit by a strong impact and blown away, slamming
into the rocky wall.

"--Gah."

Blown away, I realized it was Klein's kick. I didn't see it at all. I
defended with magic on instinct, but Klein raised his sword to me, who
could no longer move.

"Disappear."

"You disappear."

<br />
Clang!!

Aria, with light particles fluttering like wings, slashed from Klein's
side.

Klein stopped it with his mithril gauntlet. Light aether covers Klein's
entire body, creating an effect like armor magic.

While still holding the knife, Klein slashed with his sword, and Aria
blocked it with her dagger.

"Kuh!"

Does that light swing really have that much power? Aria, who blocked it,
was blown away to the opposite rocky wall.

"--Fireball--"

Klein fired a fireball at Aria, who was slammed into the rocky wall.

Klein, who had been trying to keep us alive and take us back, had only
been using earth magic until now, but now he's finally trying to kill
us.

<br />
"Gaaaaaah!"

There, the stabbed kitty shielded us by taking the fireball and attacked
Klein as if tearing through the magic.

"--Rock Blast--"

--Boom!!

"Gaaaaah!"

The launched boulder hit the kitty at the same time as it exploded,
blowing away the kitty's huge body.

"You've been a nuisance since earlier."

Klein fired a fireball at the kitty. Since it's a high-level mythical
beast, it's not dead yet, but if it continuously takes high-level magic,
even the kitty will be in danger.

<br />
"Hah!"

Dogaahn!

At the last moment, Aria intervened, and the fireball, split in two by
the black knife, destroyed the left and right rocky walls.

"Haha, you can still move!"

Klein laughed at Aria as she wiped the blood leaking from her mouth.

"--Hurricane--"

Klein unleashed wind magic at Aria.

She avoided it as if riding the wind, but no, Aria! It's not over yet!

"--Stone Cannon--"

Countless rock cannonballs were fired, caught in the hurricane, and the
colliding and shattering rocks attacked Aria.

<br />
"Haaaaah!"

Aria deflected them using her knife and dagger, body techniques and
kicks.

"Don't look away!"

But on top of that, Klein, grabbing a boulder the size of a person that
was floating in the air, slammed it directly at Aria.

"--!"

Aria instinctively received it with the soles of her boots, and while
being hit by fine rocks all over her body, she escaped the wind magic's
domain.

Aria sensed that Klein's magic sword, which could even cut through fire
dragons, was dangerous, and was being thorough in avoiding taking that
one blow with anything other than her weapons. But because of that,
she's taking too many other attacks, and Aria's health value was being
chipped away.

"Just hurry up and disappear, you trash!"

Klein slammed his sword down with brute force, and the moment Aria
received it with her knife and dagger crossed, Klein's kick knocked Aria
down.

"Kuh!"

<br />
Even with "Iron Rose" active, there's nearly a twofold difference
between Klein's and Aria's combat strength.

It's no longer a question of killing or not killing. If we don't defeat
Klein, Aria will die. Aria hasn't given up yet, but at this rate, Klein
will torture her to death first.

I never thought the Hero would be such a monster...

I won't let Aria die. I won't let it happen.

Dying for Aria is the only reason I'm still alive now.

So Aria...

I'm sorry.

If it comes down to Aria dying, I'll die instead.

<br />
"...Soul Thorn..."

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0035.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

