[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0004.md)



# 263 Departure

"Dungeon?"

I thought I misheard, but Aria seems to be seriously planning to head to
a dungeon. And she's taking me with her.

"I'm still recovering from being sick, you know?"

"You're doing better than before, aren't you?"

Well, it's certainly easier than when I had all the attributes. I wasn't
aware of it myself, but according to Aria, I'm eating more too.

How awful... what if I get fat?

The color of my skin has improved a lot as well, and while it's a small
price to pay for having only one attribute at rank 5, I should be
grateful.

<br />
"What's the reason for going to the dungeon?"

And I ask the most important question. I have a vague idea, but Aria
nonchalantly puts such an outrageous thought into words.

"To receive the dungeon's blessing (Gift)."

"...Are you serious?"

I didn't think it was possible, but she's considering conquering a
dungeon with just us...

"It's not just the two of us. Nero's coming too."

"Oh, is that so?"

As if responding to Aria's words, a growl could be heard from her
shadow.

Even so, it's still reckless. I've challenged dungeons since I was a
child, but there's a limit to what I can do alone, and I've only been
able to conquer them partway.

Well, I suppose it can't be helped. I'll accompany you until you're
satisfied.

<br />
When I went to say goodbye to Cerejura, who had always taken care of me,
she waved her hand dismissively as she sent me off.

"I'm old now, so I'm not thinking about reducing my attributes anymore,
but if it doesn't work out, don't be reckless, tuck your tail between
your legs and run back home... you utterly hopeless disciple."

"...Yes. I'll do that."

Everyone's so kind.

<br />
And so, I ended up leaving the forest with Aria and the kitty.

We headed to the town in the Seires Baron territory through the forest.
The reason why not only me but even Aria was hiding her face with a hood
was that there might be acquaintances.

If that's the case, wouldn't it be better not to stop by the town? I
thought, but I was told that Aria was planning to arrange a carriage,
considering my health.

"You still look pale. I'll be in trouble if you don't get into better
shape before we reach the dungeon."

"In the first place, which dungeon are you planning to go to?"

<br />
The dungeon on the remote island of the Fudeel Duke territory, where I
obtained my blessing (Gift), is nearby, but you can only encounter a
spirit once in each dungeon.

There's also a large-scale dungeon in the Rakston Duke territory in this
country, but not only would it be a considerable journey, but it's also
a high-difficulty dungeon where sub-dragon species appear, which has
never been conquered, and I've heard that even the royal family has
given up on conquering it.

In intermediate or lower-level dungeons, you can conquer them, but there
are no spirits. I wonder if there's a new dungeon where a spirit has
been born?

<br />
While I was having a decent meal for the first time in a while at a
cheap stall in the town, I asked that question, and Aria told me while
eating vegetable stew.

"The place we're heading to is the large-scale dungeon managed by the
Leicester Count family ."

"...Are you serious?"

I couldn't help but mutter the same words again, and when I put my hand
on Aria's forehead, the black kitty on her shoulder hit my hand with its
tail... so the illusion has tactile sensation.

<br />
The reason why I was diving into that dungeon was because it was the
easiest one among the large-scale dungeons owned by the state.

That's why the former crown prince's group conquered that dungeon. Only
a few years have passed since then, so there are still few monsters, and
the difficulty may have decreased.

But --

"There are still a lot of people there who remember my face, you know?"

<br />
I've been based in that place since I was a child, so my face is known
both publicly and privately.

If I'm found out, I don't mind, but I think Aria, who's known as a
famous adventurer, would have her reputation damaged.

<br />
"That's why I'll be in trouble if you don't get into better shape.
Here."

"............"

Aria said that and handed me a copper flask filled with a
pungent-smelling medicine, and even though I had finally had a decent
meal, I grimaced as I swallowed the medicine.

"...I've also heard rumors that the spirit of that dungeon isn't very
friendly to people."

Or rather, you could say they don't understand people. That's why their
wishes were misinterpreted, and Amor and Nathaniel acquired such powers.

"You've conquered it three times, right? Negotiate well. You just need
to focus on healing your body. You can use my wish too."

"I wonder what I should do..."

Since I was forced to drink bitter medicine, I said something a little
mean, and Aria glared at me with her eyes alone.

"I'll get really angry."

"It would be unbearable if I was given more bitter medicine."

<br />
Aria's impulsive actions are probably the result of her thinking things
through logically in her mind, but because Aria doesn't talk much, the
people around her get swept up in it.

That's what I thought as we made our way to the royal capital.

We could get there faster if we took a dangerous route, but it seems
like it will take more than three weeks if we choose a route that a
carriage can safely travel on. There aren't even any bandits on a proper
road, so it'll be boring.

It would be nice if I could read a book, but my assets have been frozen.
After all, you can't withdraw money that a dead person left with the
Adventurer's Guild.

I'm sure there's something left if I can get back to my hidden base, but
it's painful that I'm forbidden from using "Soul Thorn."

<br />
I had a few large gold coins in my \[Shadow Storage\] along with my
clothes, but everything inside had disappeared.

Is it because I died once...? I thought it was just expanding space, but
maybe it's something closer to spatial transfer.

It's a scary thought, but I have no choice but to think it's better than
it exploding in my stomach.

That's why I'm penniless right now. I'm relying on Aria for clothes and
travel, and I've borrowed about ten gold coins, but I can't waste them.
So the only thing I can do to kill time is to write in this blank book.

<br />
We travel south, bypassing the royal capital, and arrive at the town
with the dungeon, which doesn't evoke any particular emotions in us.

The Leicester Count family is still in charge of management, but
according to Aria, my mother, who lost her entire family, was sent back
to her family home, and a distant branch family became the new Leicester
Count.

I don't really care, but I won't be able to read forbidden books
anymore. But since I remember most of them, I'll eventually turn them
into books and spread them around.

<br />
"I'm going to the Adventurer's Guild."

"...Alright."

It's a hassle to point out everything, but what does she intend to do?

When we entered, the adventurers inside cast many glances at us,
probably because they could tell we were two young women even though we
were wearing cloaks.

"What can I do for you?"

Aria went to the reception desk where an old man was, and when she took
off her hood there, the old man blinked.

"Oh, it's been a while. Do you remember me?"

"Of course. Do you remember me?"

"There aren't many young people here, you know. Are you diving into the
dungeon again after a long time?"

It seems that this old man is an acquaintance of Aria, and he had a kind
face, as if a relative's child had visited him after a long time.

"Yeah. I'm going to dive into the dungeon for a long time, so I want you
to register the guy behind me as an adventurer."

"A long time, huh...? I understand about registering that person as an
adventurer. There's a rank test, but..."

"That's supposed to be done at the guild in the royal capital. For
now..."

At that point, Aria glanced at me, so I created ice on the spot and
placed it on the counter, and the receptionist's old man looked
surprised.

"Ice... are you a magician?"

However... after seeing my skill in creating ice without chanting, the
old man remembered something and narrowed his eyes suspiciously.

"...Is this your first time here?"

"Yes, it is."

"Then, could you take off your hood and show me your face?"

<br />
I don't remember, but... he might have met "me" before.

It's fine to show my face, but what should I do? I glanced at Aria, and
when Aria nodded, I gave up and took off my hood.

In the worst case... I'll have Aria kill me.

<br />
"This is... excuse me. It seems I was mistaken..."

The old man, who saw my face, wiped the sweat from his forehead and
lowered his head.

"Aria...?"

When I looked at Aria to ask what was going on, she silently pointed
behind me.

There, the adventurers were staring at me with blank faces, and one of
them muttered.

"Amazing... it's like snow."

He might be from somewhere far north.

My black hair has turned almost silver, and my earthy skin has turned
white. Not only that, but my face seems to have changed a lot due to
improved blood circulation.

<br />
"So, miss. What name would you like?"

Listening to the old man using the kind of language you would use to
address a young lady instead of an adventurer, Aria's lips curled into a
slight smile as she opened her mouth.

<br />
"...Snow..."



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0004.md)

