[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0014.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0016.md)



# 275 Journey

"Samantha... wasn't she the 'Sand Witch'?"

Having prepared our equipment, we were to meet the previous mage,
following Dalton's instructions. We were told that she would teach us
about a mage's approach as an adventurer and their role with the
"Rainbow Sword," but...

"I wonder what kind of person she is?"

Samantha Samantha, a legendary adventurer who remained active until the
age of one hundred despite being human... Well, judging by the fact that
she uses her own name as her surname and makes her family call her that,
I think she's quite a character, but when I asked Aria, she tilted her
head in a way that was unusual for her.

"...'Senile'?"

"...What do you mean?"

"Gaa..."

The black kitty phantom on Aria's shoulder chimed in at my question,
which made me stop in my tracks. I wonder if the kitty has met her
before?

She may be elderly, so it could be that, but Aria's way of saying it
sounds different.

"Well, we'll know when we meet her."

<br />
Apparently, this Samantha is in the Dance Marquisate. It's about two
weeks away from the royal capital by carriage, but we're walking there.

Walking, yes, walking. With our own two feet. There are many inhabited
places on the way to the Dance Marquisate, so we can't travel by riding
the kitty.

I could have used space-time teleportation when I had free use of
Blessings, but I don't intend to raise the levels of my dark magic and
light magic any further.

I'd rather spend that time on studying and researching ice magic and
lightning magic, and besides, "light" and "dark" suit... Aria much
better.

<br />
"However, even if not a public carriage, wouldn't it be better to hire a
carriage?"

We have money, though it's not mine.

"Snow should walk to build up her stamina."

"That's exactly right, so I can't say anything."

Well, fine. I don't hate walking that much.

But, could you please stop preparing such an enormous amount of food at
every meal? I can tolerate the unique flavoring using strange herbs, but
my stomach, which has only ever eaten what was necessary to survive,
isn't that big.

"I see. Then I'll try changing the ingredients."

"I'd prefer it if you changed the cooking method, if possible."

<br />
We travel while camping in the forests along the road. I suppose the
highlight of such a journey would be the meals, but from the very next
meal, Aria prepared food that I couldn't even tell what the ingredients
were, let alone whether it was even food.

"...What is this?"

"Bee larva with cheese and honey."

It seems nutritious...

Aria hunted in the forest... rather than "took," she apparently killed
all the giant bees with a knife, the kind that could kill a person with
a few stings, and brought back the larvae from their nest, as well as
the milky-white liquid used to raise the queen bee.

After boiling it with Aria's special herbs, she mixed it with cheese,
put it in a dish, and then served it with plenty of honey.

Is this cooking? Isn't it alchemy? The ingredients are too strong to be
medicine, and the visual impact is too strong to eat it as a snack.

Well, I'll eat it though...

<br />
"I've already told Dalton, but I'll share the information with Snow as
well."

After somehow finishing the meal and enjoying some herbal tea, Aria, who
was sitting on the opposite side of the campfire, said this while
stroking the phantom kitty on her lap.

"Is it about work?"

"No, it's just a rumor I heard from Elena, but I want to hear Snow's
opinion as well."

A rumor. If that dreamy older brother told the realistic princess, who
then told Aria, who then shared it with Dalton, it must be more than
just a rumor.

"It's about the 'Hero'."

<br />
Hero... a courageous one. One who appears when despair befalls the
people, and gives them courage.

A fairy tale that even children in this country know.

Most of them are stories about how people are attacked by evil wizards
or demon lords, and the hero and the saintess defeat them and live
happily ever after.

However, the "saintess" who appeared in this country was just a strange
woman, and the being called the "demon lord" was actually just the king
of a demon race country, and while the demon race itself was an enemy of
the human race, he alone did not have the power to destroy a country.

But, heroes and saintesses aren't just legends.

It wasn't in the Leicester family's forbidden books, but it was written
in the forbidden books I found in the Holy Church's temple. Of course, I
read them without permission, but I'm glad I was able to take them out
before burning down the temple.

<br />
"Don't tell me a hero has appeared."

"Apparently, that's 'exactly' what's happened."

"...Are you joking?"

<br />
According to the rumor the princess told Aria, the "hero" arrived by
ship in the Melrune National Federation in the north of the continent a
few months ago.

"I see, then the credibility goes up a bit, which is not good."

"That's what you'd expect when you consider history."

Originally, we light-skinned Mercenians did not live on this Sars
Continent, and it is said that we arrived by ship from another continent
in the north, along with the Holy Church.

The Melrune National Federation is a federation of seven small
countries, each claiming to be the first Mercenian nation established on
this continent, which is why they never became one in the end. However,
a great power established later began to gain strength, and the
countries begrudgingly formed a federation to counter it. That is the
Melrune National Federation.

The fact that the hero arrived there means that they came from that
other continent.

The Melrune National Federation has apparently been trading with that
continent, so maybe they came on one of those trade ships.

<br />
And, the Holy Church's forbidden book stated this.

When evil appears in the world, the hero is chosen by the spirits and
saves the world.

When a crisis befalls humanity, the saintess is loved by the spirits and
saves the people.

This is apparently not a legend or a fairy tale, but a fact recorded in
the history of the Holy Church.

Both are definitely crises, so the hero and saintess are often chosen
together, and they are often depicted together in fairy tales.

So why is it a "forbidden book" that is not available to the general
public?

It is due to the existence of the "enemies" that the hero has fought.

They are "demon lord-class" existences that cannot be compared to demon
race kings... legendary evil dragons, and demons even higher than
high-ranking demons, and the "hero" was chosen by the spirits to counter
them.

The Holy Church is hiding the fact that such threats to humanity existed
in the past. Perhaps they spread the fairy tales of the saintess and the
hero to dispel the people's anxiety, centering on the Holy Church, in
case a real threat appeared.

<br />
"But in the current situation, I don't think there's any 'evil' on this
continent that would warrant a hero appearing?"

If there really was such evil that could destroy a country, I think
there would already be signs of it. At least, if the hero felt it on
this continent and came here, it would have been at least a year ago, so
it should have been caught by the dark information network, shouldn't
it?

Aria narrowed her eyes at my analysis as if she was momentarily stunned,
and then stared at me for some reason.

"...That's right."

"Gaa..."

"What are you trying to say?"

<br />
In the end, the matter of the hero was put on hold... or rather, we
couldn't say anything other than we didn't know what they came to do,
even if we speculated. In the first place, the princess can't move
unless it involves the Claydale Kingdom, and Aria won't move either.

Well, it would be nice if they just defeated something on their own and
went home. I'm not interested either.

<br />
"More importantly... that's in the way."

"Gaa."

"Well, has the kitty become a complete 'kitty'?"

I couldn't help but glare at the kitty, who was basically always in
Aria's shadow, yawning on Aria's lap in phantom form.

Behind me, the mountain bandits, two young women who had completely
underestimated us and attacked, had turned into ice statues with their
weapons still raised.

I could have erased them without a trace if it was fire, but lightning
leaves the corpses unsightly, so I had no choice but to freeze them.

"Right?"

"Clean it up."

I have no choice... I used the application of \[Shadow Walker\] to sink
the ice statues into the shadows of the forest, and discarded them
somewhere out of sight.

<br />
And so, we continued our monotonous journey, and arrived at the Dance
Marquisate two weeks later. ...But where does the Samantha we're looking
for live?

"I heard that she lives in a suburban mansion in the capital city of the
Dance Marquisate. I should have sent a letter in advance..."

Just as Aria was about to say that, we saw something approaching from
beyond the road where we could see the city in the distance, kicking up
a cloud of dust.

...Is it a monster?

"――\[Ice Lance\]――"

For the time being, I attack without even confirming. Aria didn't stop
me either.

However, the several \[Ice Lances\] I fired were intercepted by the same
number of \[Ice Lances\] released from the dust cloud, and as if taking
advantage of the gap, it jumped over us, and behind us, it revealed the
figure of a small old woman from the dust cloud.

<br />
"Welcome, young ladies! I am Samantha Samantha!! Who might you be!?"

<br />
I see... she is "senile."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0014.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0016.md)

