[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0005.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0007.md)



# 266 Monster

"Right."

"—【Ice Whip】—"

At Aria's voice, I sweep with an ice whip without even confirming.

The scream of a beast can be heard. Without turning my face, I scatter
【Ice Lance】 around where the scream came from to finish it off.

...It's a pain that I can't burn them. Because I can't immediately tell
if they're dead unless I destroy the corpses, and I don't really feel
like I've killed them.

<br />
We had advanced to around the sixtieth floor of the dungeon.

I wonder what day it is today? Aria is meticulous, so I think she
remembers, but I'm not interested so I haven't been counting. If I were
delving alone like before, would I have counted properly...?

But there's no point in such a hypothetical. Because there's someone
nearby who will remember for me, so there's no need for me to remember,
right? I won't be adventuring with anyone other than Aria anyway. I'm
just going to kill Aria's enemies.

<br />
But, I'm starting to get used to fighting without fire. If I don't know
how much power to use on which enemy to kill them in one hit, I'll just
waste mana.

I could probably put out a bit more power. At least I want the power of
ice and lightning to be stronger than before.

When I had all attributes, my strength was being able to use all kinds
of magic and fight flexibly, but now that I'm thinking of reducing one
attribute, I have to fundamentally change my fighting style.

What can I do? What am I capable of?

What can I do for Aria?

Well, for now...

"—【Lightning Strike (Digvolt)】—"

The lightning strike I unleashed traveled through the frozen stone
floor, wiping out the surrounding enemies.

<br />
"It's all beast-type monsters."

"That's right."

The battle over, we have a trivial conversation while I watch Aria take
only the meat and magic stones from the big ones.

I can dissect them too, but Aria is better at it, so I'm just watching.
The Kitty doesn't even do the act of dissecting in the first place, so
it’s eating the meat of some random prey.

"Let's have a meal too. Then we'll take a little nap."

"Yes, yes."

This is a good thing about small parties. If there's a good place, you
can rest whenever you want and eat whenever you want. Since we can't
even see the sun, there's no need to sleep all at once at night.

<br />
"I wonder what we're having for dinner♪"

"You don't feel like helping?"

"Aria, you're such a challenger."

"Today I'm using organ meat."

Aria easily gave up on getting me to help and started preparing the
meal.

<br />
It's been quite a while since we dived into the dungeon, but we still
have plenty of mental and physical leeway.

We have 【Shadow Storage】 so we don't need to carry a lot of luggage or
food, we can do whatever we want with water using life magic, we can
heal injuries and illnesses with light magic, and we can clean our
bodies with 【Purification】 so we don't have to worry about blood
splatter.

But what's really good for us mentally is not having to worry about
ingredients.

This time, it was freshly hunted liver boiled in water, with dried
vegetables and beans added, seasoned with salt and a small amount of
spices.

"It's nutritious."

"Well, I suppose."

The taste... isn't bad. It can be classified as human food. If Aria went
all out for nutritional value alone, I'd be forced to drink some kind of
unidentified sludge. But...

"Why is it sour?"

"I added sour fruit to prevent scurvy."

In response to my question, Aria showed me an unfamiliar fruit that she
took out of her 【Shadow Storage】, saying that it lasts a long time.

Aria said that if you store it in 【Shadow Storage】 for a few hours,
the parasites will die and you can eat the liver raw, but I can't do
that.

Basically, Aria isn't a bad cook, so why does she want to use strange
ingredients?

<br />
Aria is making organ meat dishes not only because she's particular about
nutritional value, but also because she gets too much meat.

This is supposed to be a dungeon for humanoid beast-kin, but as we go
deeper, the number of humanoids decreases and beast-type monsters become
more prominent.

In other words, we can eat as much organ meat as we want, which normally
doesn't last long. However, the monster meat is too strong with aether
for the average person to eat.

<br />
"...As I thought, there's a change in the ecology of the dungeon."

Aria muttered as if she had read my thoughts.

"You said that before too."

"Yes. I thought that the humanoid monsters had temporarily decreased and
the beasts that were being eaten had turned into monsters, but the
number of beast-type monsters has increased more than I thought."

<br />
Beasts prepared by the dungeon for the beast-kin.

I think the dungeon is capturing them by extending a part of itself like
roots, but since they were originally for food, the beast-type monsters
we encountered were mostly deer and boars, and even the most ferocious
ones were only magic wolves.

But, can deer and boars really defeat orcs and ogres, even though their
numbers have decreased?

In reality, they're defeating them, so I guess they can. There's aether
filling the dungeon, so it should be relatively easy to turn them into
monsters...

<br />
"Perhaps, a powerful monster is growing."

Aria mutters.

"That's what defeated the remaining strong beast-kin."

Answering her, I start my speculation.

A culling of monsters began within the dungeon, and a being emerged that
was head and shoulders above the rest. But it wasn't a beast-kin that
had been in this dungeon from the start, but a beast-type monster.

That monster advanced further in search of stronger prey and aether, and
grew stronger by eating the beast-kin.

"I feel something intentional."

"...Is the dungeon's will doing that?"

This time, Aria answers my mutter.

"A new boss is necessary, right? I don't know if it's the dungeon's will
or the spirit's will, but if it is... a very powerful monster is being
born."

<br />
When I talk about heavy topics in a light tone, Kitty, who had been
closing its eyes, twitched its whiskers, and Aria slowly sighed.

The dungeon is probably giving up on the beast-kin and trying to turn
itself into a beast-type dungeon.

How troublesome... There might be monsters that we've never seen before.

As I was thinking about that, Aria finished cleaning up after the meal
and spoke to me as she lay down, wrapping herself in her cloak.

Like a kitty...

<br />
"Let's go to sleep soon. We'll move as soon as we wake up. If that
worst-case scenario is correct, then there should be even fewer monsters
in the lower levels, so let's advance as far as we can while we can."

"...I understand."

Well, it's a good thing that she can immediately find the advantages
even from the worst predictions.

<br />
There are unknown enemies. I think we can beat most enemies, but the
opponent might not be a normal enemy.

My power has decreased since I no longer have all attributes.

I have to find my own way of fighting before I reach the lowest level.

Aria uses 【Light】 and 【Dark】 magic and has gained the powerful
【Reality Breaker】.

So, what do I have?

"............"

I also use a spare cloak from my 【Shadow Storage】 as a pillow and fall
asleep.

...It looks like I'll be tired from tomorrow.

<br />
------------------------------------------------------------------------

<br />
.

Normally, if you're in a dungeon for weeks, you wouldn't be so carefree.

Assassin (Rank 5) Magician (Rank 5) mythical beast (Rank 6)

As expected, life magic and storage magic are essential for survival.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0005.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0007.md)

