[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0030.md)



# 289 Things to Encounter

A few days after the meeting with the Hero Klein, we headed from Farn,
the Holy Capital of the Fandora Theocracy, to the Kingdom of Zentol,
where there was damage from a fire dragon.

...We've come quite far. I'm starting to get bored.

We entered the Kingdom of Yarn along the way from the Theocracy, but if
it were just a trip, I'd want to go east as is. The Kingdom of Yarn is a
country prosperous in fishing, and it seems that dishes using shark fins
are famous. But we're going north without stopping at the royal capital,
aren't we...?

<br />
The Kingdom of Zentol. It seems to be a land surrounded by rocky areas,
wetlands, and monster habitats, constantly exposed to the threat of
monsters, and where lords in various regions have been fighting for
fertile land.

I can't say it's because of that, but there are many rough warriors, and
they reached out to the "Dragon Hunting Grounds" in search of fertile
grasslands... Well, you can guess what happened.

<br />
It's their own fault, so even if they ask for cooperation from
neighboring countries, they show reluctance, and since only the Kingdom
of Zentol would benefit from lending a hand, no one responded to their
request, but this time, it's taking the form of being used by the Hero.

<br />
"We'll be entering the Kingdom of Zentol in a few days. Monsters will
increase, so be vigilant."

Dalton, sitting heavily in the backmost seat of the carriage, gave a
warning while crossing his arms. Certainly, I feel like the presence of
monsters has gradually increased over the past few days.

However, besides us, a dozen or so knights of the Temple Knight Vincent
are accompanying us on horseback and in carriages, so they can easily
dispose of ordinary monsters. Besides...

<br />
--Knock knock.

"Monsters... it looks like those guys are coming out."

Jesha, who was driving the carriage, told us that from the small window.

Without Vincent even needing to come out, ordinary monsters would be
afraid of the "Hero's" presence and wouldn't even approach. The more
intelligent the monster, the more this tendency exists. But, if a
monster still attacks despite that, it must be a very stupid monster or
an undead... or a monster that's very confident in its own strength.

"I'll go take a look."

"I'll go too."

I followed after Aria, who stood up. For a moment, Aria looked back at
Feld. It seemed like she was wondering if he, as a swordsman, wouldn't
go, but Feld shook his head.

"If a lot of us go, they'll be wary. Besides, if we're just looking, we
can see it from the carriage."

"...Understood."

Certainly, if it's the two of us, the opponent might show us their
strength... in various senses.

<br />
"Those guys" -- the people Jesha called that aren't about the Hero.

The Hero Klein is included, but those people were members of the Hero's
party who were introduced as if as an afterthought before departure.
But... they brought companions, huh. I thought he was alone because he
moved and negotiated on his own accord.

"Is that it..."

"It seems so."

<br />
Making cracking sounds, trolls appeared while breaking the trees along
the road.

Rank 4 individually. Difficulty rank 5 on the Adventurer's Guild scale.
They're monsters with low intelligence who are just simply huge and
strong, but their greatest threat is their regenerative ability.

It's not like they're regenerating with mana like vampires or undead,
but their constitution makes them hard to kill, which is troublesome.

Viscous, thick fat blocks blades, and that fat instantly closes wounds.
Perhaps because of their low intelligence, they don't retreat from the
pain, but instead, they get angrier and attack.

I could freeze and shatter them, and Aria could slip through all attacks
and pierce their brains, but at rank 2 or 3, there's almost nothing they
can do.

There weren't just one, but three of those troublesome enemies.

<br />
"Ugoooooaaaaaaahhhh!!"

Trolls, nearly twice our height, swung around clubs that were almost
like logs. A man stepped forward to stop the Temple Knight Vincent, who
was about to go out against such an opponent.

"Sir Douglas!"

"Leave it to me."

Gaan!!

A full-plated warrior wielding a large shield stopped the blow of the
club, and a broad-bladed longsword swung with one hand blew the club
away from the middle.

<br />
\[Douglas\] \[Race: Human Male\] \[Rank 6\]

\[Magic Value: 252/270\] \[Stamina Value: 423/455\]

\[Overall Combat Strength: 2410 (Body Enhancement in Progress: 3110)\]

\[Special Ability: Unknown\]

<br />
Douglas perfectly blocked the trolls' attacks, and each time, the
slashes he unleashed tore through the trolls' thick fat, and blood
spurted out.

"Ugaaaaaaaaahhhh!!"

Even so, the trolls didn't flinch, and the other two also attacked
Douglas.

There--

"--Hmph."

A swordsman with a single-edged bastard sword jumped in and chopped off
the trolls' arms, along with the clubs they were swinging.

"Neidhardt..."

"What are you taking so long with against opponents of this level,
Douglas?"

<br />
\[Neidhardt\] \[Race: Human Male\] \[Rank 6\]

\[Magic Value: 256/280\] \[Stamina Value: 403/415\]

\[Overall Combat Strength: 2630 (Body Enhancement in Progress: 3417)\]

\[Special Ability: Unknown\]

<br />
"That's the Hero's companions..."

Aria muttered quietly, narrowing her eyes sharply as if to discern them.

Douglas, a large, heavy warrior in his early thirties with short
brunette hair.

Neidhardt, a nervous-looking swordsman in his late twenties with long
silver hair.

Both estimated to be rank 6... If we were serious, it's not a combat
strength we couldn't defeat, but if they're the Hero's companions and
"heroic" figures recognized by the spirits, they must have some kind of
"trump card."

Just like Aria and I...

<br />
"Gugooooa..."

...Thump. The last troll falls, making the ground shake.

Douglas defended against the attacks, and Neidhardt ravaged them. With
just that, they safely defeated three monsters of difficulty rank 5.

...Troublesome. Can I kill them with my current self?

At my slightly leaking intent to kill, Douglas and Neidhardt glanced at
me and immediately looked away. Seeing that, the Hero Klein, who was
watching like us, looked at me for just a moment and shrugged his
shoulders while giving a meaningful smile.

"...I see."

"Snow?"

Certainly, if that's the case, I can understand why you want Aria.

"No, it's nothing."

Because the three guys look like they're suffering.

<br />
The battle with the trolls that appeared suddenly ended with just the
Hero's companions, without us needing to step in.

The general Temple Knights and the attendants who took care of them were
excited to have witnessed the strength of the Heroes recognized by the
Holy Church, and a relaxed atmosphere was flowing around.

At that time--

<br />
--...Goooooooohhhhh!!

<br />
A roaring sound that cut through the wind echoed, and a huge bird-like
shadow flew over our heads... at a low altitude about the height of a
castle, and flew away without a moment's pause.

The atmosphere vibrated intensely. The horses, frightened by the storm
that raged a moment later, neighed.

...Among them, I stared without blinking at that beautiful crimson
figure that flew away like flames.

That's...

"...The Flame Attribute Dragon..."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0030.md)

