[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0033.md)



# 292 Killing Intent

"GaaaaaaAAAAAAAaaaaAAAaaaAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"

<br />
The Fire Dragon looked down at us and unleashed a "Dragon's Roar."

The roar, meant to select those who stood before it, shook the earth.
Aria and the Hero only slightly frowned upon receiving it, but if the
people in the rear were here, the Temple Knights and attendants would
have panicked, never mind the "Rainbow Sword" members.

I, however, watched the Fire Dragon with a sense of awe, neither
frowning nor feeling fear at the "Dragon's Roar."

"Oh... how beautiful."

<br />
The Fire Dragon slightly turned its eyes towards my faint murmur. For a
moment, the Fire Dragon's golden eyes and my purple eyes met, then
quickly looked away.

<br />
《--Child of man. Why do you commit such violence by intruding into my
hunting grounds and domain?--》

<br />
The Fire Dragon warned us in our language. It is said that high-ranking
mythical beasts understand human speech, but to speak more clearly than
a kitty is what one would expect from a mythical beast that has lived
for many years.

<br />
"Hey, Fire Dragon. We came to subjugate you because you were attacking
human carriages."

Unafraid of the Fire Dragon's pressure, Hero Klein replied in a
nonchalant manner.

What nerve. Even Neidhardt and Douglas were tense, but Klein wore a
smile as if he wasn't thinking about anything.

Aria... when I glanced at her, she was wary of the Fire Dragon, but she
also gave me a brief look with her eyes, as if she had heard my murmur.

<br />
《--You entered my domain, and I warned you, but they entered again. Do
you blame me for responding? Child of man.--》

<br />
The Fire Dragon asked further, showing no anger at the Hero's attitude.

As expected of a high-ranking mythical beast, it is rational. One might
even say gentlemanly. I heard that the Fire Dragon is the most
hot-tempered of the attribute dragons on this continent, but rumors are
unreliable.

According to the Fire Dragon, it warned them, but the Zentol Kingdom
still invaded the Fire Dragon's territory, so it gave them a lesson, is
that right?

If you ask me, it's the Zentol Kingdom's own fault. Even though we are
enemies who survived its selection, the Fire Dragon is still trying to
communicate with Klein. If there were rational people in the upper
echelons of the Zentol Kingdom, conflict... well, that's impossible.
Humans are greedy and...

"Foolish."

"Snow..."

You don't have to worry, Aria. It's just my opinion.

<br />
But Klein shrugged exaggeratedly, without breaking his nonchalant
attitude to the Fire Dragon's claims.

"That's a problem. Can't you somehow withdraw?"

《--Enough. Humans have broken the thousand-year co-existence.--》

"We can't withdraw either."

Neither side was willing to back down. ...Or rather, it seems like Klein
was intentionally trying to fight.

<br />
In the first place, the Hero's party came to this Sars Continent because
the Spirits sensed an evil presence, and the reason we decided to
exterminate the Fire Dragon was to confirm whether Aria had truly
defeated the Dark Dragon, who was the most likely candidate, and to
confirm her strength.

However, Aria argued that if the Fire Dragon was not evil and could
communicate, we should confirm its intentions.

But there's something I don't quite understand...

When another evil being appeared, the first reason we were called was to
welcome Aria, a hero-class, as an ally. The purpose was to defeat the
Fire Dragon to confirm her strength, and because Aria didn't feel the
need, Klein made up the previous reason.

It seemed to me that Klein personally wanted Aria as a companion.
Showing Aria's strength is to convince the Holy Church, but if the
"Hero" earnestly desires it, that should take precedence over the Holy
Church's opinion.

Even if Aria refused, Klein could continue to put pressure on the
nation, as he said at that time. So why is Klein so insistent on
subjugating the Fire Dragon?

I don't think it's possible that this Klein is trying to please the
Cardinal, even though he's his sponsor.

While I was doing such a casual analysis, the conversation continued.

<br />
"In that case, I'm afraid you'll have to suffer a little."

《--Foolish child of man. You will regret that choice.--》

<br />
At that moment, the Fire Dragon's pressure increased, and its golden
eyes shone with a fierce light.

"GaaaaaaAAAAAAAaaaaAAAaaaAAAAAAA!!"

The Fire Dragon roared. But it wasn't the "Dragon's Roar" that selects.
This is...

<br />
"Wyverns!"

Neidhardt, who noticed it first, raised his voice. Hearing his voice, we
also noticed it and looked up at the sky. We saw several Wyverns, which
are sub-dragons, descending from the sky, as if the Fire Dragon had
summoned its kin.

<br />
"Wait, Klein. The Fire Dragon didn't intend to fight!"

Aria stopped Klein, who was about to start a fight. Douglas, with his
arms crossed, turned his gaze towards her voice, and Neidhardt, who had
already drawn his sword, frowned.

If interests don't align, then fighting is unavoidable. But in this
case, the Fire Dragon didn't attack us, and the Zentol Kingdom was
clearly at fault for breaking the thousand-year coexistence.

This is a problem between the Fire Dragon and the Zentol Kingdom, and it
has nothing to do with us.

However, Klein, who was trying to fight the Fire Dragon and was stopped
by Aria, turned around with only his eyes while facing the Fire Dragon.

"It's useless, Aria-san. After all, there's no way to understand an
'animal.'"

At that moment...

"Aria!"

"Snow!"

We called each other simultaneously. As Aria picked me up and jumped
back, I created a wall of ice to stop the shockwave.

I thought we would fight, but to go all out from the start, huh.

<br />
"GaaaaaaAAAAAAAaaaaAAAaaaAAAAAAA!"

Klein used magic with his sword? It might be a combat technique, but the
Fire Dragon avoided it by flapping its wings into the sky, releasing an
enormous amount of light and power. But it doesn't seem unharmed.

<br />
"Klein! The Wyverns are heading to the rear!"

Douglas, who had also dodged the shockwave like us, shouted.

The shockwave that Klein unleashed blew away the Wyverns that were
attacking, and those Wyverns were trying to head to the rear.

"Hmph!"

Douglas swung his greatsword and killed one of them with the greatsword
he threw. But most of them had already flown into the sky, and no
attacks would hit them anymore.

And beyond that...

"Aria."

"Let's go!"

<br />
The rear where the "Rainbow Sword" and Temple Knights are... I can't see
it from here, but I saw a different group of Wyverns circling in the sky
around there, separate from the ones that came here.

At the same time as calling his kin here, he sent Wyverns to the rear as
well, huh.

<br />
"Would you wait a moment? It won't come to that."

Klein stopped us from heading to the rear to support them.

Without me and Aria, the "Rainbow Sword"'s annihilation power is greatly
reduced. I think they can hold out with Dalton and the others, but there
are more than ten Wyverns circling in the sky, so we can't be careless.

"Neidhardt-san, could you support the rear?"

"Klein!?"

Neidhardt, who was holding the Fire Dragon in check, raised his voice at
those words. And Douglas also raised one eyebrow slightly at the Hero's
instructions.

"What are you planning? If your comrades are in danger, you should have
those girls retreat."

<br />
Douglas was reluctant to put young women like us on the front lines.
Klein, showing his usual unreadable smile, slightly exuded "pressure" at
Douglas, who said it would be better to have us retreat to the rear.

<br />
"From the beginning, the purpose was to see Aria-san's power. Or is the
'Hero' not being listened to?"

"...Understood."

"Douglas... damn it."

Douglas, who frowned for a moment and nodded at the "Hero"'s words,
sheathed his sword without resisting any further.

"I'll be back soon!"

<br />
The swordsman Neidhardt left this place to support the rear. We can see
our power, but can we fight the Fire Dragon with this force, missing one
hero-class person?

"Nero...?"

In the worst case, there's also the option of having Nero go to Dalton
and the others, but Nero didn't respond to Aria's call and even erased
the black kitty phantom.

There's no way Nero would be scared of the Fire Dragon. If that's the
case, is it wary of something? If the target isn't the Fire Dragon...

<br />
"Now then. The obstacles are gone."

Klein, who had been holding back not only us but even the Fire Dragon
with a strange pressure, muttered.

"What do you mean?"

Klein grinned, taking us and the Fire Dragon into his view, at Aria's
question about the meaning of those words.

"'I' couldn't stand it anymore."

<br />
The aura of Klein began to change little by little, and the Fire Dragon
even became wary of the "Hero" as a sense of evil increased.

<br />
"This world is my toy box. When the Spirits found me, they acknowledged
it in exchange for me becoming the 'Hero.'"

<br />
The world is a toy box...? I don't know what that really means, but the
Spirits... especially the pure Spirits who have no contact with human
intentions, unlike the Spirits of the dungeons, have no interest in
human society.

<br />
"I'm tired of it already. I can't do whatever I want. I don't want
annoying comrades just because I'm a hero. That being said, if I
eliminate them arbitrarily, the support from the Holy Church will
disappear, what a pain."

"Klein...? What are you saying?"

Douglas, the taciturn man who remained in this place, was also confused
and pressed Klein, hearing the "Hero"'s sudden words that disparaged
even himself and the Holy Church.

"...Ah, Douglas. You see, I..."

<br />
--Slash!!

<br />
"Kle...in?"

As Klein's right hand blurred while still smiling, Douglas, who was
spurting blood from a diagonal cut, collapsed, and a blood-stained sword
was in Klein's hand.

<br />
"You see, I... want to kill."



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0033.md)

