[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0025.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0027.md)



# 254 Graduation Event "Evolution"

'Aaaliciaaaaaaaah!'

That woman who grew out of the demon (Colette)'s left arm screams and
fires a miasma bullet. I dodge it like a flutter on the roof, and the
Royal Capital's building behind me collapses as if rotting.

"Tch!"

I'm worried about the damage to the Royal Capital, but I can't take that
miasma bullet. Have the residents finished evacuating? The fire that
spread from the noble district and the Holy Church is gradually
spreading, but I can only pray that it will help them evacuate.

<br />
'Aaaliciaaaaaaaah!'

Colette charges at me with that woman screaming again. Behind that
woman's madness, Colette wore a full smile with a demon's face.

Doooooooon!

I gave up trying to follow with my eyes because of the speed, and dodged
only by instinct. The three-story building that was slammed by the left
arm that grew that woman was blown away in one hit.

As I brushed away the scattering debris with the hem of my skirt, that
woman followed me with her eyes, and the moment Colette tried to jump
out--

'Gigaa!?'

The pendulum shatters that woman's head.

The swinging pendulum, like a parting gift, attacks Colette, who uses
that woman as a shield without hesitation. But even that damage was
instantly regenerated by the merging of insects.

'Kia kakaka kakaka kakaka!'

"Ah, Contractor-dono... Poor thing."

Colette lovingly gazes at that woman's upper body, which is letting out
a bizarre laugh, and hugs her as if she's precious.

<br />
"............"

I don't know if she was a demon from the beginning or if she was made a
vessel for a demon after that, but I understood that the original
Colette no longer exists in the sight of Colette using that woman, the
contractor, as a weapon, hurting her as a shield, and hugging her as if
she's poor.

I'll properly kill you too. But there was a realistic difference in
power.

<br />
The combat power of the Greater Demon (Colette) is about 5000. A simple
blow is comparable to a earth dragon. Dalton wearing a full plate of
mithril might be able to withstand it, but if I take it, my body will
shatter.

I can withstand it if I use Iron Rose and Reality Breaker. But the
reason why I'm hesitating to use even my trump card is because there's
also the meaning of leaving some reserve power, but there's an uncertain
element called "that woman" who was the contractor but was taken over.

It's just a hunch. But I've survived this far with that hunch.
Besides...

"Karla..."

<br />
From her condition, there must be something that Karla has to settle
over there. I should have stopped her. But I felt like I shouldn't stop
her.

What kind of answer will Karla get there?

But... it's okay. I'll take on the demon until then.

<br />
As I narrow my eyes while holding a knife on the high roof, Colette
smiles so wide that her ears tear, and that woman opens her mouth with a
distorted face.

'――――――――!'

Colette, who enhanced her mana, fires miasma bullets like rain.

I also purify the aether in my body to the limit that I can withstand,
and guide(..) that attack while dodging as if jumping.

I'll use your attack too. The guided miasma bullet struck the area that
was trying to spread the fire.

Colette, who noticed my intention, narrows her eyes a little. But was it
me or Colette who guided it? Before I knew it, Colette, who had moved to
the top of the temple, smiles, and the next moment, several figures
jumped out of the burning temple.

<br />
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

"Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Those who had their minds invaded by insects and nightmares attack with
an abnormal speed that surpasses the limits of their bodies, like that
woman.

I instinctively avoid it while using the pendulum to fend them off. But
that was the last guidance(..).

"――――――――――――――!!"

Dozens of people who had been hiding in the rubble of the temple, using
the burning flames as a decoy, attacked like a tsunami while being
burned to the point where they could no longer make a sound.

Probably the believers of the Holy Church who had a lot of contact with
the demon and Licia. Among them were figures like old people and
children, and I felt like I could even hear the unspeakable cries.

<br />
Colette mocks at that. Manipulating innocent humans and making them kill
other humans while leaving their consciousness intact. That's exactly
what a demon would do.

I take a battle stance with my black knife and black dagger. There's
still a little mana heat left in my arms... Colette, I'll cut off that
grinning face of yours.

The moment I pointed my knife at the approaching victims--

<br />
"--Don't push yourself."

At that time, I heard that familiar voice, and the battle skill released
from the jet-black greatsword blew away dozens of people who were
rushing towards me from the roof of the temple in an instant.

He closed his eyes for a moment as if in prayer, and I couldn't help but
raise my voice to him, who was directing his anger-filled gaze at
Colette.

"Feld!"

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
On the opposite side of the Holy Church's temple, Nero and a giant
insect with Amol's magic stone as its core were engaged in a fierce
battle.

'Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!'

'Ugoooooooooooooooooooo!'

Nero swings his claws, and the giant insect thrashes around, trying to
crush Nero with its huge body.

'――――!'

The giant insect (Amol) bares its mortar-shaped fangs and fires the
surrounding buildings that it devoured as rubble flame bullets. Nero
avoids it by hiding in his own "shadow", but the giant insect's flame
bullets, which have incorporated the flame giant and evolved, easily
shatter the buildings and spread the fire unnecessarily.

<br />
Nero thinks. Not only did he let the enemy entrusted to the girl escape,
but the final blow was taken by the black-haired girl with a connection.
When that enemy revived and appeared before him, Nero took it upon
himself for the sake of his pride.

In terms of combat power, the giant insect is slightly superior, but
Nero has the advantage in terms of battle experience. But even while
fighting on equal terms, Nero lacked the "decisive factor" to defeat the
giant insect (Amol).

<br />
Dogoooooon!!

Two giant bodies with tremendous power collide, echoing a roar that
sounds like striking steel.

'Ugoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!'

The giant insect devours the rubble destroyed by its giant body and
fires flame bullets.

'Gaa!'

Nero also fires a dark breath, and the two exploding powers engulf the
surroundings in a sea of ​​flames.

Nero, who passed through the "shadow" there, slashes the back of the
giant insect with his claws, but countless insects were trying to bury
that wound, which looked like a deep wound, in an instant.

'Gooooaaaaaaaa!'

Nero fired a dark breath from close range there. The giant insect,
rampaging from the breath with the \[Corrosion\] effect, jumped off its
back, and the giant insect's whole body cracked in front of Nero, who
was preparing to pursue it.

'Giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!'

The giant insect's body, which let out a strange scream, collapses.
However, countless tentacles burst out as if piercing through the
cracked skin, and pierced through the victims who were rampaging within
a radius of 100 meters, who had been invaded by demons, like spears.

'Gaa!'

Nero, who sensed the intention, fires a dark breath. But it was a moment
too late, and the lifted victims were taken into the giant insect, and
enormous mana was released from the collapsing giant insect.

Nero's breath burns the giant insect's skin, and when it peels off, a
new giant insect, further increased in size, appears from the inside.

<br />
\[Giant Insect (Amol)\] \[Race: --\]

\[Mana Value: 678/710\] 80 Up \[HP Value: --/--\]

\[Total Combat Power: 4325\] 469 Up

\[Super Regeneration\] \[Rampage\]

<br />
"...Grrr."

Nero quietly growls at the giant insect (Amol) which absorbed the lives
of the victims. He has no intention of losing. However, the giant
insect's regeneration ability exceeded Nero's attack power.

--Moon--

Nero thinks of the girl. Whether it was because he awakened to dark
magic, or because he was in her shadow even temporarily, he felt her
presence close to him.

He can vaguely tell where Aria is. He realized something like a
"connection", not just fighting each other as partners until now.

Nero has become stronger in the midst of battle.

But not yet(..).

Nero became aware that something was beginning to grow within himself,
and learned dark magic as part of that growth.

Nero is a young individual among the Coeurls, not a larva but not an
adult. What is the difference between a larva and an adult? Do
phantasmal beasts grow over time like humans?

What is the reason why Aria, who was still young, became so strong?

<br />
'Ugoroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!'

The giant insect, which had absorbed humans and increased its power,
spewed out a large amount of fireballs.

'Gaa!'

Nero also immediately fires a dark breath to fend off the fireballs
coming from the front, but the fireballs that he couldn't fend off rain
down around Nero.

A Coeurl can withstand flames that would burn humans to death. However,
the giant insect was about to launch a further attack on Nero, but the
flames burning on one side did not allow the existence of shadows to
dodge it.

"Grrr..."

At the moment Nero decided to counterattack if he was going to take
damage and braced himself, "that" happened.

<br />
GooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!

A tornado suddenly occurred, as if it had a will, raising the flames not
only around Nero but also from the neighboring areas that were burning
into the sky.

The moment the figure of a spirit grimacing in the wind was reflected in
Nero's eyes, a mass like a "rock" that had been blown away by the wind
jumped into his vision.

<br />
"--\[Earth Shatter (Quake)\]--!"

The mountain dwarf giant, like a rock giant, jumped in without regard to
the flames and released a level 5 war hammer battle technique, and the
shattered earth and shockwave combined with the power of the wind spirit
to knock the tornado of flames back to the giant insect.

"Gwoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"

A gem-like object was thrown at the giant insect, which was screaming in
agony or astonishment and wrapped in flames, and further explosions
enveloped it.

"It's five large gold coins, what a waste!"

"There's no other way, old man! Throw it quickly!"

A human man shouted desperately from the top of the building, and the
mountain dwarf's daughter, who shouted back at him, threw a ball that
sealed magic, and it emitted lightning and burned the giant insect from
the inside.

<br />
Nero slightly widens his eyes at the scene.

Aria's companions... The forest elf woman who is a spirit user should
also be there, although her figure is not visible. They once fought
together in the battle with the Dark Dragon, but it was only through
Aria, and Nero had no further interest in them.

Among human races such as humans, elves, dwarves, and beastmen, Aria is
the only one Nero considers equal. But Aria's companions supported such
Nero. They appeared in this dangerous place again to fight together
again.

Even Nero, who understood that their power was fragile humans, felt a
strong "something".

What is the difference? What is the difference between Nero and them,
who are human?

<br />
--Bond--

<br />
It was something Nero had been seeking until he met Aria. The bond
between them and Aria, the bond between Nero and Aria called them here
and saved Nero.

<br />
--Nero--

<br />
The moment something ambiguous in Nero took shape, the figure of the
girl who sought a stronger connection came to mind, and a "voice" echoed
in Nero's brain.

The voice of the girl calling him connected the separated things into
one, and Nero unleashed the power that was increasing in search of an
exit with a roar.

'Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!'

<br />
\[Nero\] \[Race: Coeurl\] \[Phantasmal Beast Species Rank 6\] 1 Up

\[Mana Value: 215/360\] 30 Up \[HP Value: 342/580\] 50 Up

\[Total Combat Power: 3829 (During Body Enhancement: 4747)\] 1288 Up

<br />
Nero's claw strike battle technique, equivalent to level 6, blew the
giant insect wrapped in flames all the way to the temple in the back.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0025.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0027.md)

