[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0028.md)



# 255 Graduation Event "Demon"

"Feld, why..."

I had asked everyone in the Rainbow Sword, including Feld, not to
interfere. I had to settle things with Karla, but a battle involving
combat power of 5000 could result in instant death if you didn't have a
way to evade the attacks.

The reason Dalton had demoted a Rank 4 member during the Rank 6 Minotaur
Murderer battle three years ago was the same. So my companions
understood my selfishness. Feld should have understood, too.

"It's alright, Aria."

Feld spoke in a calm voice, keeping the demon in sight without letting
his guard down.

"Don't fight 'alone.' I'm still getting stronger, too."

"Feld..."

<br />
I thought adventurers should fight in areas where they can best use
their skills. But I was wrong.

Feld... and the members of the Rainbow Sword were "warriors" before they
were adventurers. Feld said he would get stronger so he could fight
beside me, who had abnormal power.

He would risk his life for that. That was the same thing I had been
doing to defy fate, and stopping him would be denying my own beliefs.

<br />
"...I understand. Let's fight together."

"Leave it to me."

A strong voice replied from beside me without us making eye contact. But
it was good we weren't facing each other... because even in this
situation, I'm sure I would be smiling.

"It's coming!"

At the same time as Feld's warning, I felt a surge of mana from the
demon (Collette), and as we jumped back, the roof of the temple where we
had been standing was blown away by a miasma bullet.

<br />
"............"

Collette contorted her previously grinning face into an unpleasant
expression, looked down at us from the night sky, and silently fired
miasma bullets from that woman growing out of her left arm.

I evaded it, and Feld slashed apart the miasma bullets he couldn't dodge
with his greatsword.

Even a miasma bullet that would corrode an ordinary weapon if it wasn't
imbued with mana couldn't leave a single mark on the greatsword made
from the horn of a Dark Dragon.

Collette's face contorted unpleasantly as she attacked us.

Was it because Feld had interfered in her fight with me? Was it because
Feld's strength was beyond her expectations? But that wasn't it. It was
because Feld wasn't afraid of the demon.

The "anxiety" I had felt inside me had disappeared because Feld had
come. The demon (Collette), who fed on negative emotions, found that
unpleasant.

<br />
"...Disappear."

Collette's figure vanished from sight. Collette, moving at a speed that
even I and Feld couldn't track, targeted Feld, who was the source (..).

"Tch!"

Feld, sensing it only by instinct, swung his greatsword, but was
slightly too late due to the weight of the sword and the difference in
combat power.

"Haa!"

"Tch!"

Taking advantage of the moment Collette was distracted by Feld, I
slashed at Collette from the side.

"Uooooooooh!"

In that instant, Feld's greatsword, which had caught up to our speed,
was swung at Collette, who desperately used that woman as a shield to
avoid a fatal wound.

A Dark Dragon's greatsword could damage even a high-level demon. Whether
or not it could actually defeat one was another matter. Collette could
no longer ignore Feld's existence, and that slight opening showed as a
result.

Feld will get stronger. I won't let him die until then.

<br />
"Giiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

That woman screamed from the intense damage, and Collette jumped back.
But it seemed the woman's mana stone wasn't cut apart, as it regenerated
in an instant with the demon's mana.

But—.

"Feld, be careful! Something's wrong!"

<br />
The expression vanished from Collette's face, and I stopped walking,
sensing something was amiss.

All traces of mockery and displeasure disappeared, and Collette, who
began to ascend quietly into the sky, thrust that woman growing out of
her left arm towards us.

She should know that miasma bullets aren't enough to deal a decisive
blow to us. So, I became wary, thinking that she was ascending into the
sky to use some kind of trump card, and I increased the mana within me
to use the Iron Rose...

"Now, it's your turn, contractor-sama."

\*Zuban!\*

Collette's mana was poured into that woman, and Collette chopped her off
with a hand chop.

What is she thinking? The strength of a demon should depend on the
amount of mana it has. Is she reducing her own combat power by pouring
mana into that woman and then discarding her?

<br />
That woman, having received most of the demon's mana, fell due to her
own weight.

"It's coming, Aria!"

As we became wary of that and focused our attention on that woman,
Collette, who remained in the sky, spread her arms like wings and began
to chant loudly.

<br />
"―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――!"

<br />
A rustling sensation... the night trembled. Focusing my eyes on the
chills running down my spine, I could see aether-like substance
gathering from all over the royal capital towards Collette.

I felt Collette's depleted mana beginning to increase again, wondering
if she intended to do something else.

"Feld, leave that woman to me. I'll deal with the demon—"

"Aria!"

Feld, interrupting my words, stepped forward and swung his sword as if
to protect me as I was about to fly into the sky.

\*Gigiii!\*

"Tch!"

"Feld!?"

Feld, deflecting "something's" attack, slightly grimaced.

"Don't let your guard down!"

At Feld's shout, I also braced myself, and the upper half of that woman
made of insects, which had fallen, was trying to stand up while
regenerating her lower half.

"Kihaha."

The woman, grinning sinisterly, cracked, and at the same time a small
figure jumped out from inside.

"Kyahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!"

This time, I stepped forward to protect Feld from that "shadow" rushing
in with blurring speed, and thrust out my dagger in a counterattack.

\*Gakin!\*

"Tch!"

While grimacing at the impact as if I had struck a rock, I leaned back
to evade the arm-swinging attack unleashed by that "shadow" and kicked
with the heel of my boot.

Perhaps its weight matched its appearance, as I and that "shadow"
bounced off each other from the force of the kick, and Feld, seeing that
as an opening, stepped forward and swung his greatsword down.

But—

<br />
"—\[Cure\]—"

<br />
A black flash burst forth from that "shadow," which grinned with a
"familiar face," and Feld's arm, bathed in that light, tore open and
blood spurted out.

"Feld!"

I instantly stood in front of Feld, shielding the strange black light
with a mana shield and brushing away the aether with the hem of my black
dress. What was that attack just now? No, more than that...

"What is that..."

Feld, protecting his arm, muttered in astonishment, and I also frowned
upon seeing it.

A face I knew well... that face was.

"...It's 'me'."

<br />
"Kihaha."

That woman, seeing my expression, let out a delighted laugh.

A delusional phantom created with the power of a demon, with that
woman's attachment and obsession as its core... black hair, pitch-black
eyes, and dark skin. The face wearing a tattered dress made of insects
was very similar to mine.

However, it was smaller overall than I am now, with younger features and
a different hairstyle. But I recognized that figure.

It was the "knowledge" that woman possessed within me—the appearance of
the "original Alicia," the heroine of the otome game within that
knowledge.

<br />
But, what is that power? I have almost no knowledge of the original
work. But I know the rough outline. In that work, the "me" in the game
gained special power and was called a saintess.

"...'Divine Magic'..."

"What?"

Feld's presence wavered at my muttered words. He seemed to know about it
as well, but I had also heard about that kind of special magic from my
master.

Divine Magic is a technique closer to "primoridal combat techniques"
than sorcery, and it is "holy magic" that can only be wielded by those
recognized by the spirits. Even with that woman's obsession, it is
impossible to think that she could use such power with that woman
created with the power of a demon... But I, who have that woman's
"knowledge," arrive at one possibility by combining it with my master's
teachings.

"Be careful, Feld!"

Feld jumped back at my shout, and the black Alicia chanted "it."

<br />
"—\[Treat\]—"

<br />
A dark flash was released again, and black mist mixed into the
atmosphere that touched it.

"Get back!"

"Aria!?"

Sensing what it was, I jumped back while kicking Feld, who was
momentarily delayed, in the chest, forcing him to retreat off the temple
roof.

That black mist surged upon touching the flames, and the corpses of
former believers instantly discolored and rotted.

As I expected, this power isn't Divine Magic. This is—

"...'Dark Magic'..."

<br />
Divine Magic grants holy attributes to light-attribute sorcery by being
recognized by spirits, expanding its range and effect. The saintesses of
the past used it to save many people, and Alicia in the otome game also
used it to fight against the demons and Karla.

If that is the case, what happens to power recognized not by "spirits"
but by "demons"?

The \[Treat\] that the black Alicia used to eliminate poison created
poison upon touching the atmosphere. The \[Cure\] she used earlier
injured Feld without healing him.

Reversal of effects—. \[Treat\] becomes \[Poison\], and \[Heal\] becomes
\[Wounds\].

That answer is "Dark Magic."

<br />
"Kyahahahahahahahahaha!"

That woman, modeled after the "black Alicia (original heroine)," laughed
with a distorted face and punched me.

Even a clumsy attack can become a deadly blow if it has speed. I dodged
the "black Alicia," who approached like an arrow with physical
enhancement using vast amounts of mana, with a somersault and kicked her
with the heel of my boot with the blade extended.

\*Gkin!\*

As expected, it's hard. I think I could cut it with a level 5 combat
technique, but can I hit it at this speed?

But if I pull away, Dark Magic will come. I can evade it with the
Reality Breaker, but if I use the Iron Rose, I can't use combat
techniques.

The sense of security I had when the large Feld was there is lost, and a
slight anxiety takes root in my heart. But I gently suppress that
feeling deep within my heart and mutter while narrowing my eyes.

"Alright..."

<br />
\*Gkin!\*

I slammed the black dagger into the "black Alicia" approaching with
terrifying speed again, in a counterattack.

"Kii?"

The "black Alicia," who had a dagger slammed into her forehead, wore a
puzzled expression. I stepped forward without even being aware of it,
simply reacting, and slashed the "black Alicia's" neck with the knife in
my right hand.

"Kiha."

Responding to that, the "black Alicia" punched me. I dodged the punch,
which made a roaring sound from point-blank range, with my skin (.), and
I kicked her chin upwards from directly below as I closed the distance
further.

"Kiha!?"

<br />
Yes, this is a settlement (...). Seven years ago, you attacked me and I
learned the truth, and I obtained the "knowledge" to escape fate.

I won't let anyone say that even my father and mother's deaths are part
of a "story."

I deny the otome game. I deny you, who sought it. I won't use any trump
cards against the likes of you. I'll kill you with "my" power, obtained
through "your" knowledge.

<br />
"Kikaka."

The "black Alicia" swings her arms wildly. In terms of speed alone,
she's not inferior to Collette. I track only the movement of that mana
with my "eyes," observe only the movements with detection, and dodge the
attacks while sensing the approaching wind pressure with my skin, and
unleashed the black dagger.

\*Gkin!\*

If it hits directly, my arm will be damaged. But, at that moment, I
twist my wrist, and at the instant of contact, I release the impact with
my wrist joint and muscles, and I drive only the impact and mana into
the enemy.

"Kiha!?"

The "black Alicia" kicks at me with a confused expression at my sudden
change in movement.

I sharpen my nerves, predict the speed and power with all my senses, and
before the attack is launched (...................), I move, I put my
hands on the kick and jumped over, and I smashed an elbow strike into
her face.

<br />
"Kika, kaka, ka!?"

The "black Alicia," staggered from the damage that gradually continues
to accumulate even without external wounds, jumps back in confusion.

"—\[Clean\]—"

Dark flashes spread, and the Dark Magic \[Clean\] scatters vast amounts
of miasma, collapsing the burning temple roof.

I observed it with my newly acquired "Mind's Eye", dodged it with the
Light Magic \[Clean\] I was chanting, and slashed the "black Alicia's"
face with a knife imbued with it,

"Kiiiii!?"

<br />
Collette gave that woman this power because "black Alicia" is my
nemesis. If I fought her head-on, even the Reality Breaker would be
difficult, and I would be pointlessly exhausted and pointlessly wasting
time.

This is stalling for time. Collette's trump card wasn't "black Alicia",
but the "negative emotions" gathered from all over the royal capital.

<br />
In the sky, Collette noticed my gaze, and her distorted smile seemed to
say, "It's too late."

All the "negative emotions" such as anxiety, fear, anger, sadness,
hatred, and suspicion gathered from all over the royal capital into her
right arm raised in the night sky, and vast amounts of miasma were about
to be created.

The power of a "nightmare manipulator", a Dream Demon. If a mass of
miasma with a diameter of over ten meters fell on the royal capital, the
miasma would defile the land around that point for decades.

I can escape alone. But the residents who are slow to escape, and the
soldiers and knights who are guiding the evacuation will be annihilated.
If things go wrong, the damage will reach Elena and the others in the
royal castle.

Collette's smile deepens as she looks at me. She is telling me to accept
it at full power, ready to die, if I don't want to increase the number
of victims.

"Sayonara, Aria-san."

A voice was heard from the night sky, and she aimed a miasma bullet at
me.

But... Collette.

"You demons underestimate those with life too much."

<br />
\*Doshu!\*

A bloodstained white arm pierced through Collette's chest from directly
behind, as she tried to retreat.

Collette, with a bestial face, screamed at the black-haired girl who had
appeared unnoticed and was wearing a sickly smile.

"Karlaaaaa!"

The huge miasma bullet slipped from Collette's hand and fell on the
royal capital without being fired.

Even if it wasn't fired as an attack, the damage would be the same. With
my abilities, which are geared towards single-target, head-to-head
combat, I couldn't destroy that size of miasma bullet, even if I used
the Iron Rose or the Reality Breaker.

But I could buy time until it fell.

From the moment I awakened my Mind's Eye, I felt a "connection". It's
nearby. I can tell it's fighting. You understand too, right?

<br />
—Nero—

<br />
An "intention" responding to the "voice" of my call in my heart reached
me from afar.

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaah!"

\*Dogooooooon!\*

The destroyed temple and a huge insect were blown into the air by a
"claw strike" unleashed with a beastly roar from beyond the burning
temple.

The insect, marked with huge claw marks, floated in the air like a
withered branch, and the instant it touched the miasma bullet, it
exploded in the night sky.

Shockwaves scattered, shaking a corner of the royal capital centered on
the temple, and collapsing houses collapsed. There will be miasma
damage, but it's better than a direct hit. Conversely, the flames that
had been blazing until now had been drawing the miasma into the sky.

<br />
"Gaaaaah!"

Nero jumped into the air and smashed the "mana stone" of the tattered
giant insect that was falling with its claws... At that moment, I
thought I faintly heard Amor's cry.

"――――――――――――――"

"Aaaaaaa!?"

Whether it was that last cry or because she had an attachment to his
existence, the "black Alicia," who had been blown from the temple roof
to a nearby building, let out a scream-like cry, and dark aether burst
forth from her entire body.

"—\[Remove\]!"

Dark Magic \[Remove\]— judging from the reversing property, its effect
is \[Curse\]!

The wide-range curse, using all her mana, even invaded my evasion space
that had been blown to the same building.

But... I didn't even think about evading, and a large shadow jumped out
from behind me as I lunged forward.

"—\[Hell Slash\]—!"

<br />
The Dark Dragon's greatsword unleashed by Feld, who had returned even
after falling from the roof, cut through even the curse, scattering it
with the power of his combat technique.

"Aaaa!"

"You should just die already."

At that moment, I, who had lunged forward in a forward-leaning posture,
approached the black Alicia.

"—\[Dancing Reaper\]—"

The furious eight-hit combo unleashed from the left and right slashed
apart the black Alicia's limbs, whose mana had decreased, and a dagger
pierced and shattered the "mana stone" of that woman that could be seen
inside the severed head.

<br />
"—\[Clean\]—"

Purifying the miasma that remained in the mana stone that had turned to
dust along with the space, that woman's scream echoed like an auditory
hallucination, and the face of the black Alicia made of insects returned
to that of the woman and disappeared as if fading away.

The only one remaining is the demon Collette—.

<br />
"—\[Holy Flame\]—"

<br />
Karla's voice was heard from the sky, and vast flames were released
centered on the arm that had pierced Collette.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..."

Collette, who had consumed her mana, was burned without being able to do
anything... but, this is wrong!

"Karla!"

Sensing that, I flew into the sky, and Karla's flame, which smiled at me
kindly, not only burned the demon to ashes but was also unleashed
towards the royal capital.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0028.md)

