[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0024.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0026.md)



# 285 My Hero

"That's him... the "Hero"?"

Aria muttered, gazing in the direction that man disappeared to.

Not only Aria, but I seemed to have been targeted as well... Oh well.

Just as I was about to walk towards Aria, my foot faltered slightly, and
Aria caught me instinctively.

"Snow... you're getting better, but don't push yourself too hard."

"Yes... I know."

The mana stone that was compressing my heart has shrunk, and there are
almost no problems with moving as a mage, but even so, the feeling of
pressure is greater than for mages of the four elements.

"I'll make some medicine for you later."

"...Do I have to drink it?"

<br />
My body has improved considerably. But my body, which had been pushed
for over ten years, is in tatters, and I'm supposed to rest with
medication for several years.

Well, Aria probably thought it was impossible for me to do that, so as a
result, I'm being forced to drink that terribly bitter and smelly
medicine... I wonder how much Grandma's health methods can heal my body.

...If it were the old me, I would have moved on the premise of dying, so
I could push myself, but now I can't push myself that far.

The pain of death is just suffering, but the suffering of life is
troublesome because it hurts.

If it were me back then...

I might have been able to kill even that Hero.

<br />
"Heyyy, Aria! Snoww!"

"Are you safe!?"

At that moment, I heard those voices, and saw Jesha and Feld getting out
of the carriage, shouldering their drawn weapons, and rushing towards
us.

Aria wasn't the only one who came out when the fighting got intense...
the older members were on standby, though.

"Let's go back for now."

"Yes, let's..."

<br />
While I was resting in the carriage with Jesha accompanying me and
drinking tea, Aria and Feld, who had been investigating the aftermath of
the battle, returned late, and Dalton, with his arms crossed and a frown
on his face, opened his mouth.

"You guys, tell me what you saw."

As the leader of the "Rainbow Sword," he commanded in a low voice.
Should I speak first?

"A certain person was being attacked. Probably assassins."

They had the exact same equipment while erasing their characteristics,
so I conveyed that I felt they were not from the assassin's guild, but
from an assassination squad of nobles or wealthy individuals.

"Yeah. Members of the assassin's guild are basically selfish, so I don't
think they would use the same equipment."

"If it's a noble's assassination squad, that characteristic wouldn't be
strange. There's a possibility they usually change their faces, so since
they're dead, we couldn't tell anything."

Aria, having confirmed the aftermath of the battle, spoke from the
perspective of a former assassin's guild member. Feld, from the
perspective of a former noble, affirmed it.

That Hero might have wanted to keep some of them alive and take them
back, but if they died, there's nothing we can do.

<br />
"That man said he lured out the assassins."

"A high-ranking person attacked by nobles... and he called us 'heroic'
when we fought him by chance, so Snow and I believe that person is a
'Hero.'"

"And he was stronger than us."

As I drank my tea and continued Aria's words, the inside of the carriage
fell silent as if frozen for a moment.

"No way..."

I understand how Jesha feels. The royal capital was half destroyed in my
battle with Aria.

In terms of skill, he's almost on par with me at rank 6. And since he's
on par with Aria in swordsmanship, his skill is at least rank 6 in magic
and rank 5 in close combat.

But that's just the minimum level.

<br />
"Snow, could you see that thing's combat power?"

"...No. I couldn't see it either."

Not "person" or "man," but already treated as "that thing," huh.

I didn't have time to appraise him carefully, but with our levels, Aria
and I should have been able to get a rough appraisal by sensing his skin
and mana, but I couldn't see it .

If that's the Hero, does he have the blessing of the spirits? Is that
why I couldn't tell?

No, that's not it.

Probably, the nature of his strength is "unexpected" for us.

He might have special powers like Aria's "Iron Rose" or my "Soul Thorn."

...What would it take to kill that?

As if we thought the same thing at the same time, Aria and I exchanged
glances.

<br />
"Aria, do you know of a poison that would work on that?"

"If the Hero has the blessing of the spirits as the legend says,
ordinary poison won't work."

"Not poison resistance, but poison immunity? Is that even possible?"

"Poison works physically by being absorbed into the body. The
pink-haired Melrose women are less susceptible to illness because of the
spirit's blessing. But that doesn't nullify the poison of illness, it
just makes their body more resistant to small poisons."

"So, we just need to use a stronger poison?"

"Corrosive poison would probably work, but the amount needed to kill
that thing would kill the person who spread it."

"Then acid would be easier to obtain. But if we can break through his
defense, it would be faster to inject the poison directly."

"Then we could ask Garbus to make special arrows. But..."

"That's right. Then it would be more certain for Aria to cut him
directly."

"To be sure, should we aim for weakening him?"

"In that case, we'll dispose of the people around him one by one,
isolate him, and then..."

<br />
"Wait, wait, you guys! How did we get to killing the Hero!? We're
partially at fault for this, and if we attack without being clearly
hostile, we'll be antagonizing the Holy Church too!"

"Ah..."

I snap back to reality after inadvertently making plans to genuinely
eliminate the Hero, thanks to Dalton's interjection.

That's right. We may have fought, but the other party is not an outlaw,
but the Hero, who has a name and status. I was having too much fun
planning the assassination and forgot.

By the way, the others seem to be stunned by the sight of the two
youngest girls gleefully making assassination plans.

<br />
For now, it was put on hold until we could determine whether the Hero
would really become an enemy or whether we could settle things
peacefully, which would require reaching the Holy Church's main temple.

The issue then becomes the "Hero's" position within the Holy Church.

The Hero was attacked. He has a clear enemy with a certain degree of
status. And he was trying to lure them out and annihilate them. In other
words, his life has been targeted several times before.

<br />
To anyone who hears it from the beginning, it sounds like a power
struggle where the Hero's fame has become an obstacle for a powerful
person, a picture-book-like diagram of good versus evil, but there is no
poetic justice in politics.

There is only one's own ideology and biased justice. That's not to say
it's bad, and some people are saved by it, but some people resent it.

Whether that ideology, the Holy Church, which seeks only the happiness
of the human race, and the Hero's ideology do not match, or whether one
or both of them have fatal problems... I guess we'll have to look
forward to finding out when we meet again.

But...

(I don't like it.)

<br />
I don't like the way that man looked at Aria.

I don't like that man's smile as if he were looking down on Aria.

For me, "Hero" and "Heroic" are... only "Aria."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0024.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0026.md)

