[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0022.md)



# 281 The Way a Hero Should Be

"Hero..."

A hero, a courageous person. Often confused with "hero," but
fundamentally different.

A hero isn't called that from the start; it's the result of continuing
to fight, and being recognized for it by people.

But a "hero" is different. They don't need to kill enemies. They can be
weak. They just need to stand at the forefront of the people, giving
courage to those who follow.

But the definition of that word changed at a certain point.

<br />
"The Holy Church, huh."

"Yes, that's right."

Aria and Dalton turned around at my mutter, and the Princess quietly
affirmed.

"You said it was a request from the Holy Church, but why the Holy
Church?"

Aria continued, asking the Princess, who pressed her brow as if she had
a headache, unsure if she was talking about the hero or the Holy Church,
and explained.

"First, as a premise, it's said that the existence that began to be
called 'hero' was because the Holy Church defined it as such."

<br />
Historically, when events that threatened humanity occurred, there were
beings that prevented and repelled them.

Beings who secretly saved the world... People worshiped them as
messengers of God.

The "existence," whose identity was unknown, became known to the world
when the "Demon Lord" appeared.

This existence hasn't been confirmed on the Sars Continent, but in this
world, there has been a transcendent existence called "Demon Lord" in
history.

For example, high-ranking demons surpassing upper-level demons.

For example, high-ranking undead created by a magician performing
rituals himself.

For example, dark evil dragons holding grudges against humans...

People called those natural disaster-level existences that surpassed
even national frameworks "Demon Lords," and the Demon Lords, with their
power, subjugated many monsters and destroyed several countries.

<br />
In that despair, a young man defeated a giant monster that was
tormenting the people, giving them a glimmer of hope and "courage."

As if guided by the courage of that young man, powerful heroes gathered,
and the young man and his companions finally defeated the Demon Lord.

A hero is an existence that gives hope and courage to people.

But by the Holy Church making that existence a hero instead of a "hero,"
the way a "hero" should be changed.

<br />
"At that time, a young man who gained the power of the spirits defeated
the Demon Lord against the world's crisis. Although it should have been
an existence to give courage to the people, an existence given power by
the spirits became known as the 'hero' by the Holy Church."

"That's... the 'Blessing'?"

When Aria voiced her question, the Princess, who had finished speaking,
shook her head slightly.

"I don't know the details, but I've heard that it's different from the
\[Gift\] of the dungeon. It's said that when a crisis visits this world,
they are chosen by the spirits..."

<br />
One day, suddenly, they are given power by spirits with power equal to
gods, and become a hero.

It was the Holy Church's intention to define it as a hero, and by
continuing to support the hero, that existence becomes related to the
Holy Church, and with its achievements and fame, the Holy Church is
collecting believers and donations, isn't that so?

...You've got to be kidding me. Both the hero and the Holy Church are
outrageous. I'm not surprised that the Holy Church has been doing such
things since long ago, but the hero's existence itself seems to be
cheating.

<br />
"In that case, the reason that hero came all the way to this continent
is because a calamity equivalent to a world crisis has appeared?"

"That's right."

"Hmm..."

When Aria noticed that fact and put it into words, the Princess and
Dalton raised their eyes.

"Why are you looking at me then?"

<br />
What rude people. I'm only trying to kill tens of thousands of people
living in the royal capital as collateral. I'm not cut out to be a Demon
Lord.

<br />
"Well, putting that aside..."

The Princess cleared her throat with a small cough and once again
focused her eyes on Aria.

"Aria... Do you know why the hero is seeking you as a companion?"

"...The spirits' blessing."

<br />
It's not like anyone can be a companion of the hero.

Just as the Holy Church defined those who were blessed by the spirits
against the world's crisis as "hero," unless they are the "heroes" that
the first hero to be defined took as companions, they are not recognized
as companions of the hero.

Frankly, I think it's ridiculous. If the hero truly has power, they
shouldn't create a framework called "companions," but rather attach
thousands or tens of thousands of people to assist them.

However, for those who care about appearances, that's not possible, is
it?

<br />
I only know it from literature and forbidden books, but the "Demon Lord"
certainly existed.

Its strength is... at least rank 8.

To deal with a threat of that level, even if general soldiers and
knights can chip away at it, they can't deliver the final blow. Even
that chipping away is only a scratch for the life of one soldier.

Sacrificing thousands to reduce the Demon Lord's stamina, creating an
opening, and delivering the final blow with the conserved power of the
hero.

However, unless it's a "real Demon Lord" that actually destroys several
countries, the bereaved families of the victims and the believers won't
be convinced.

That's why the hero's companions are limited to "hero-class."

<br />
"The hero... the Holy Church seems to recognize Aria, who has received
the spirits' blessing and saved the country, as 'hero-class.'"

<br />
As the Princess says, Aria now fits into the "hero-class" framework
defined by the Holy Church.

Originally, generals, those who have been active and praised, and humans
who have achieved such success that they can be called heroes should be
called "heroes," but this has also been distorted by the Holy Church.

Now, those who are recognized by the country as "hero-class" as defined
by the Holy Church, based on their achievements, are called heroes.

<br />
Hero-class refers to those who have received blessings or protection
from the spirits and have gained combat-related abilities.

Even if you receive a blessing or boon from a dungeon, the Princess, who
erased one of her magic attributes to heal her own body, or Miss
Dandorl, who can foresee the future, are out of range.

I laughed at the temple boy who was contracted with a demon due to the
spirits' playfulness, and the fallen royalty who ended up keeping bugs
all over his body, but since they can't control it themselves, they're
out of the question from the start.

...Oh, I see.

That's why the Princess told me to come too.

<br />
When I looked at the Princess at that possibility that I suddenly
realized, she returned a gaze filled with a queen's firm will, even
while holding a human sense of guilt.

She's convinced that even if Aria doesn't notice, I will.

<br />
Among those who are known to have received combat-related blessings,
only Aria and "I" are the two.

I'm supposed to be dead, but who knows what will happen if it's known
that I'm alive.

I don't know if the hero really has the power as the legends say.

However, if the hero's wishes are incompatible with the wishes of the
nation, and above all, "Aria's" wishes, in the worst case, she wants me
to "deal" with the hero even if it costs me my life.

At least, the Princess's eyes looking at me said so.

"Fufu..."

Aria looked at me suspiciously as I let out a soft chuckle.

Okay, Princess... No, Elena. That's what I want too.

I like the eyes of people who have made up their minds.

As you and I wish, I'll somehow Â take care of the hero without Aria
knowing.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0022.md)

