[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0030.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0032.md)



# 291 Intentions

"GUGYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!"

"Hmph!"

A lizard that looked like a chicken... is it a lizard? An uncle named
Douglas slashed down a monster that was somewhat reptilian and about the
height of an adult.

Since I haven't seen this monster in Claydale or the West, it might be
unique to this grassland, this rocky mountain, or this area.

Such monsters appeared frequently, but Douglas slashed them down with a
single blow most of the time, so it was hardly a problem. If there was a
problem, it's that the swordsman, Neidhardt, who wasn’t keen on this
matter, was irritated every time he stopped?

<br />
"...Snow."

Aria muttered my name as she watched the hero's party, and glared at me
with just her eyes. ...For some reason, I feel like I'm being scolded
like this every time I do something.

"I know."

It's because I did something reckless again, isn't it?

<br />
My body is getting much better. It's much better than when I cleared
that large-scale dungeon. But even though I currently possess four
attributes, two of them are combined skills, so my magic stones should
be much larger than Cerejura-sama, who also has four attributes.

She originally maintained attributes that would be burdensome even if
she devoted herself to magic, while engaging in close combat like Aria
on the front lines. Furthermore, she couldn't rest because she hid in
the underworld, so her body became unable to fight for long.

<br />
Adventurer combat isn't that much of a burden. Pain still remains, but
I'm used to not showing it on my face to some extent.

Compared to when I fought Aria in the royal capital, there's a world of
difference.

But Aria is afraid that if I push myself too hard, I'll become like
Cerejura-sama.

She doesn't need to worry...

Because I've decided to use my life for your sake.

<br />
"Let's go already!"

The battle ended quickly, and Neidhardt, who was irritated, shouted at
us.

"To make such a loud noise when we're so close... is he hard of
hearing?"

"Snow..."

When I said that so that only Aria next to me could hear, she must have
been thinking the same thing, because I wasn't scolded this time.

<br />
The reason we can chat so leisurely is because we're behind them.

Originally, it's the adventurer's standard for Aria, who is a scout, to
go to the front, but these three stopped us from going to the front.

The reason for that is that Douglas doesn't like having young women  in
front of him, and Neidhardt was the same, but I felt like he looked down
on female adventurers.

The hero... I don't know what Klein is thinking, but maybe he thought it
would be more interesting that way.

In any case, the root of the reason is that they still don't trust us...
or is it?

<br />
If that's the case, it's no different from being with Dalton and the
temple knights who are further behind.

They are following us from a position about two hundred steps away.

Their current role is to annihilate the surrounding monsters and secure
a retreat route. They should be fine, but I'm concerned that only
reptiles have been appearing since we entered this rocky mountain.

<br />
"Ladies, we'll be arriving at the center soon."

As we advanced to the depths of the rocky mountain, and the path began
to pass through gaps in the rocks due to the increasing number of large
rock formations, Klein, who was walking in front, called out to us.

Even though it's called a rocky mountain, the summit isn't the highest
point like a normal mountain. It's like a mountain with many rocks
buried in it, where the soil and sand have weathered away over a long
period of time... simply put, it's like a building block that a toddler
made haphazardly.

So the center isn't the highest point, and among the gaps in the many
rock formations, the largest gap is said to be the temporary nest of the
Fire Dragon.

If that's the center of the rocky mountain... maybe the Fire Dragon
created it.

<br />
We proceeded carefully from there. The taciturn Douglas aside, even
Neidhardt was becoming less talkative. More than that...

"It's hot, isn't it?"

It's not exactly a volcano, but the temperature was rising as we
climbed. I don't dislike the heat, but I'm not quite in top form yet, so
walking is tiring. Aria, who raised her face at my murmur, narrowed her
eyes as if scrutinizing, and muttered softly.

"The fire aether is getting stronger."

<br />
We're finally going to face the Fire Dragon. As I thought that, Douglas,
who was walking at the front, suddenly turned around.

"You two stay there and watch our battle without interfering."

"Douglas!"

Neidhardt raises his voice at the sudden statement.

This Fire Dragon subjugation was supposed to be to confirm Aria's
strength. If she really has the ability to defeat the Dark Dragon, then
there's no point in the hero, who was informed of the continent's threat
by the spirits, being here.

"Neidhardt... we're not so weak that we need to make these girls fight.
If the three of us are here, there shouldn't be a problem even if we're
facing an attribute dragon."

"That's true, but..."

Neidhardt frowned, glanced at us, and clicked his tongue softly.

"Hmph. Watch our power carefully. This world only needs us, who were
chosen by the spirits!"

<br />
Saying that, Neidhardt and Douglas proceed ahead.

What is Douglas thinking? Does he have any thoughts about what Klein is
doing? Neidhardt is simple. He seems to have decided to prioritize his
own feelings over the hero's intentions.

"What are you going to do? Aria."

"...Let's go."

Whether to witness it or to discern it, Aria decided to proceed. I don't
understand what Klein is thinking the most, but if I don't know that,
I'll be on the defensive.

My opinion isn't necessary. Besides, I also need to discern it.

<br />
Klein, who shrugged and started walking with a mask-like smile at us who
had started moving on our own with our own thoughts, let out a faint
murmur as if sighing lightly.

"...That would be a problem."

<br />
What does that mean?

It seems that Klein has intentions other than seeing our abilities. It
wouldn't be a problem if it's something unrelated to Aria, but if...

<br />
"--It's here."

Douglas's voice, who was proceeding at the front, interrupts my
thoughts.

Certainly, I feel a nostalgic sensation... I feel strong fire mana. But
in the center of the rocky mountain that we arrived at -- a wide, flat
space like an arena -- there was no sign of the Fire Dragon we were
looking for.

But we haven't made a mistake with the location. The wide space was
littered with the remains of bones that looked like those of large
beasts, and all of them had traces of being crushed with great force.

<br />
"...Tch, it hasn't returned yet."

"It seems so."

Douglas responded to Neidhardt's complaint, crushing a bone as if to
verify it.

From its condition, the bone seems to have been left for a long time...
perhaps for hundreds of years. Or perhaps it was burned until it became
so brittle.

"Klein! Let's rejoin the guys in the back!"

In response to Neidhardt's words, Klein didn’t answer anything, but kept
his mask-like smile on. At that moment, Aria raised her face as if she
had been repelled.

"Snow!"

<br />
--Hyuu!

In the next moment, the sound of something cutting through the wind was
heard, and everyone instinctively moved away from the spot. Then, with a
ground-shaking roar, the corpse of a giant beast fell.

But that's not the problem. Everyone looked up at the sky, where a
"dragon" covered in bright red scales, with huge wings spread out, was
glaring down at us.




---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0030.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0032.md)

