[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0029.md)



# 288 A Sneaky Person

"......Understood."

That voice drifted, and in the silent room where I couldn't grasp the
meaning for a moment, I, who was the first to realize the meaning,
couldn't help but let out a sound.

"What are you saying? Aria."

<br />
In the next moment, those who realized the speaker was Aria began to
stir, and Feld raised his voice in rebuke amidst them.

"Aria, you!"

"Oh, then it's settled, Miss Aria. I'm glad you understand."

Before Feld could continue his words, the hero Klein interrupted him as
if to cut him off, deciding it as "accepted."

"Then for the details--"

"--However,"

This time Aria interrupted Klein's words as he tried to continue
further.

"The elemental dragons have wills. I will confirm those wills first."

"Ho..."

Klein gave a thin smile at Aria's words.

<br />
Certainly, subduing an elemental dragon is different from exterminating
rampaging monsters....

Adventurers fight monsters for materials, for a living, to survive... In
a broad sense, it's "survival of the fittest."

They defeat them because they are in the way of survival. They defeat
them because they need their meat. They defeat them because they have
been attacked. They kill because it's necessary, not because they want
to kill.

The fire dragon only eliminated pests that entered its territory.

Coexistence has been possible on this continent for over a thousand
years. If someone desires that place and says the fire dragon is in the
way, then that person or nation should fight for it. There is no justice
there; all that exists is a mere quarrel between neighbors. That is to
say....

"...Is that okay?"

Attention focused on me as I spoke again.

"The fire dragon being in the way is just the Zentol Kingdom's
convenience, right? Surely the Holy Church's hero-sama isn't fighting
for the sake of one country's profit? Is that okay? That much..."

<br />
--The hero's existence is cheap--

<br />
My words, which interrupted, were directed towards the Temple Knight
Captain Vincent at the end.

Vincent, understanding the meaning, made a loud noise as if clashing his
heels together before the hero or cardinal could speak.

"Of course! A hero should never act for the sake of one country's
interests!"

<br />
The cardinal remained silent, perplexed by those words, and the hero
turned his gaze towards Vincent and me.

"I see. Is that your opinion? If the fire dragon were to attack a human
city because of that, who would take responsibility?"

"Such a thing..."

Vincent was perplexed by the sudden talk of responsibility.

"It might attack. There happens to be a hero here. Isn't it necessary
for the sake of the people?"

As Vincent began to be pressured by such an argument...

"That's why I'm saying I will confirm the fire dragon's will."

Aria voiced her opinion once more. Everyone's attention returned to Aria
once again, and Klein shrugged his shoulders as if saying "Oh dear."

"If, as a result, it is let off and attacks later, can you take
responsibility?"

"If, as a result of fighting, the fire dragon attacks the city, will you
take responsibility?"

"Defeating it will solve the problem."

"Then, will the Holy Church guarantee that the hero will definitely win?
If there is damage, will the Holy Church take responsibility?"

"That is of course--"

"--Is there such a foolish story!"

Finally, as the story turned into a matter of the Holy Church's
responsibility, the cardinal, who had been fading into the background,
raised his voice.

<br />
"This kind of responsibility argument is just a pointless squabble!
Klein! Go and confirm the wills of that person and the fire dragon!
Vincent! Accompany him!"

Klein shrugged his shoulders at his outburst, which seemed as if his
veins were about to burst.

"Oh dear, it can't be helped. I only wanted to know the abilities of the
young ladies, but confirming the fire dragon's will is more troublesome
than defeating it, you know?"

Klein continued to complain with his usual sarcasm. Should I interrupt
as well since he's here?

"You're a hero, right? Maybe I'm mistaken?"

If you're a hero, you can do that much, right? When I said that to
provoke him, Klein gave a nasty smile and gave a courteous bow like a
nobleman.

"I hope I can see your power as well, lovely young lady."

<br />
The meeting ended there. Leaving aside the story of Aria joining his
group, it was decided that we would go to subdue the fire dragon in a
fait accompli.

It's fine to confirm the dragon's will, but why did Aria go out of her
way to accept such a thing? Well, I can guess.

<br />
"Aria... Are you there?"

"Snow?"

That night, when I headed to Aria's private room, which had been
allocated by the Holy Church, she stopped the hands that were
maintaining her weapons and raised her face.

"Still ascetic as ever. Mira is so angry that she invited Jesha to go
drinking in town, you know?"

I entered the room on my own and sat in front of Aria, who was working
at the table.

"Why are you going along with what he says?"

<br />
There's no need to go along with such nonsense. He may be a hero, so
it's not easy to kill him in terms of ability or politics, but wouldn't
Aria be able to assassinate him?

<br />
"It will cause trouble for Elena."

"I thought so."

To me, Aria is someone worth risking my life for, but the two of them
are friends, after all.

I sighed in exasperation at Aria's words, and Aria gave a slight smile
and poured water from the provided water jug into a cup.

I chilled the two offered cups with cold air and pushed one back to
Aria.

"Elena would say it's okay not to worry about it. But it's not a good
idea to damage the Holy Church's reputation."

"That's true."

<br />
The Holy Church owes the Claydale Kingdom a debt regarding that fake
girl and the demon incident.

What I wondered was whether Elena could refuse without worsening the
relationship with the Holy Church that much.

However, the Holy Church also has its reputation to maintain. And there
are factions within the Holy Church.

The Holy Church on another continent, which became the basis of the Holy
Church on this continent. This Holy Church here cannot refuse the
request of the hero dispatched from there, and that cardinal can object
to the hero because he has connections with the Holy Church over there,
but he does not pander to the Claydale Kingdom.

But more than that...

"Do you think that hero might directly harm Elena?"

"...There's a possibility."

<br />
It's really troublesome.... Somehow, that hero seems to think that this
continent is unimportant.

He can do as he pleases, and if it becomes a problem, he can just return
home, and he might hurt someone out of spite. ...Was this what the
opposing factions felt when Aria was working behind the scenes? Well,
the hero is worse in quality, though.

<br />
"I have experience with people with that kind of mental structure. I
intend to discern that in the fire dragon matter. After that, I will get
Elena's permission and change the method."

"...It can't be helped."

I sighed softly again and drank the cold water in the cup dry.

"Is it okay to cause trouble for me?"

When I said that a little spitefully as revenge, Aria gave a blank look
and smiled slightly.

"Isn't it too late for that?"

<br />
Yeah, really... Aria is unfair.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0029.md)

