[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0013.md)



# 240 Distorted Holy War 7

"——【Slash】——!"

Feld's combat skill finally caught Amor, slashing his upper body as if
gouging out his heart from under his arm. But——

"UOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"

Even so, Amor did not die.

As a mana stone, halved, fell from his torn heart, it suddenly emitted a
strong light, and insects, drawn to it, forcibly reconnected his body,
covering the mana stone completely.

"I will! Not! Lose!!"

"What..."

The moment Feld groaned and retreated from Amor, who was roaring and
transforming, a gigantic, powerful arm slammed Feld down.

"Kuh!"

Feld instantly blocked it with his greatsword. However, insects
scattered from the powerful arm attacked Feld, trying to parasitize him.

"GAAAAAAAH!!"

At that moment, an electric shock from Nero's whiskers struck Feld,
incinerating countless insects.

"Sorry, thanks for the save."

Feld, white smoke rising from his skin as he suffered burns, offered his
thanks, and Nero responded by lightly flicking his whiskers without even
looking at him.

<br />
"I have! Been reborn! As a hero!!"

Insects repaired Amor's wounded body. However, it clearly exceeded the
scope of 【Gift】.

And now, as a death-fearing "hero," his spirit, strengthened by
【Gift】, surpassed the realm of humans, and the insects implanted by
the demon responded, trying to remake him.

The insects, which were supposed to regenerate Amor himself, increased
in number, expanding as if devouring his flesh.

A giant of insects——. Leaving only half of his head, Amor, whose entire
body had become a collection of insects, exceeded four meters in height,
abandoning his human body, laughing loudly in a voice that was no longer
human.

"Heh heh heh, this is! The strongest power!!"

<br />
【Amor Claydell (Left)】【Race:——】

【Mana Value: 312/450】【HP:——/——】

【Overall Combat Strength: 3240】

【Super Regeneration】

<br />
——Retreat——

"Hey!"

Telling Feld to "retreat," Nero scattered sparks of electricity and
headed towards Amor.

"Coming, you beast!"

"GAAAAAAAH!!"

DOOOON!!

Giant bodies collided, and the roar became a shockwave, blowing away the
undead in the vicinity, crushing several caught undead.

The insects cannot penetrate Nero's fur. He wouldn't know if they
targeted his eyes or mouth, but Nero understood that he had to be the
one to fight them, as he could incinerate them with electricity.

However, Nero also realized that he lacked a decisive move to defeat the
endlessly regenerating Amor.

Only Nero and Feld can face Amor as he is now. That is why he had Feld,
who possesses the "decisive move," retreat for the time being.

"Damn it, I'll be right back!"

Feld slashed through the undead of the Second Knight Order along the
way, returned to the castle gate, and jumped into the knights of Dandorle
who were suppressing the invasion, entering through the slightly opened
gate.

<br />
"Get him treatment immediately!"

"【High Heal】!"

Dandorle's magicians, who rushed over immediately, treated Feld. 【High
Heal】, which instantly regenerates stamina and flesh, could not restore
the lost blood, but Feld gulped down the nearby fruit wine as a
disinfectant, and stood up, holding his greatsword.

"Lord Feld!"

Earl Dandorle rushed over there, and Feld turned his grim face towards
the castle walls.

"Sorry. I'm going to the front lines soon."

"But, can you defeat that?"

It is no longer a battle between people. For Dandorle, who had lived in
the northern frontier where there were many monsters, he thought it was
easy to endure even if he couldn't defeat a hundred or so knights, but
an enemy that wouldn't die even if killed was beyond the scope of the
enemies he had imagined.

"But, I'll try."

In response, Feld gripped the hilt of his greatsword tightly, as if
encouraging himself as a warrior.

Feld had been unable to fully attack the parasitic creature called
insects. But Feld believed that it was not because of the difference
between humans and monsters, but because his strength was insufficient.

The dragon-horn greatsword, which he still cannot fully master. If he
could master it, he could fight Amor as he is now, and he glared at the
blade of the greatsword.

When he first slashed him, he saw a halved mana stone in Amor's chest.
The mana stone is the undead's weak point. But why is it halved? Feld
thought that was the secret of immortality.

But it takes power to cut it directly.

"Please...lend me your power!"

He spoke to his greatsword and gripped the hilt tightly, and the blade
faintly glowed with the mana that filled his clenched fist.

<br />
"GAAAAAAAH!!"

Nero, roaring, tore Amor with his claws, and the electricity from his
whiskers burned the insects.

<br />
【Nero】【Race: Coeurl】【Phantom Beast Rank 5】

【Mana Value: 212/280】【HP: 361/510】

【Overall Combat Strength: 2136 (Body Enhancement in progress: 2704)】

<br />
Their combat power is almost equal. Nero is slightly inferior to Amor,
but considering his combat experience, Nero seems slightly advantageous.

"Ugaaaaaaaah!!"

However, while the wounds Nero inflicts are instantly regenerated, Nero,
wary of the insects' parasitism, had his greatest weapon, his "fangs,"
sealed, and his stamina was gradually being depleted.

He wants new "power." Nero earnestly thinks.

Beasts do not seek power. Beasts are "power" in their very existence,
and they do not seek it.

Defeat in battle is simply because the enemy was stronger. He simply
accepts that he was weaker than his opponent and does not resent them.

But Nero, for the first time in his life, abhorred losing. At that
moment, a negative emotion other than anger was beginning to be born
within Nero.

<br />
"Nero!!"

He heard a voice calling, and Nero caught sight of it for a moment,
Feld, who had retreated once, was on top of the castle gate, holding his
jet-black greatsword.

But his appearance is different from before. The strength of his body
enhancement he wears is the same. However, some of his mana flowed into
the greatsword, and the greatsword roared as if trying to drain his
mana.

"Guu!!"

The muscles of Feld's hand holding the hilt swelled to suppress that
power. It felt as if the power emitted by the dragon-horn greatsword
increased each time mana was absorbed.

<br />
"Gaa..."

Feld cannot move to suppress it. But Nero, looking into Feld's eyes,
understood what he was trying to say.

That is the power of "Darkness." The dragon horns, the material of the
greatsword, craved the user's mana in order to regain its original
power.

The earth dragon, imprisoned by humans, transformed into a dark dragon
with anger and hatred.

Emotions are governed by the "Darkness" attribute. Nero feels it within
himself as well. He is indignant at his own inadequacy, and his body
burns with a strong desire to gain strength. But it is not anger towards
foolish people who defy him.

——"Moon (Aria)"——. A light that illuminates the darkness of the night. A
girl who controls light and darkness.

Something he could not reach even if he stretched out his hand in the
sky.... But she called Nero her partner and chose to fight together.

There was a strong "feeling" for the girl he wanted to be with.

That strong feeling even summoned a dark spirit, imbuing Nero with the
same "Darkness" power as Aria.

<br />
"GAAAAAAAH!!"

<br />
"What!?"

Nero disappeared, and Amor was shocked by it.

"Guah!?"

The next moment, Nero appeared and destroyed Amor's arm.

"You bastard!!"

Amor, shouting, strikes with his other arm, but Nero's figure disappears
into Amor's "shadow," and Nero, who jumped out from the shadows of the
undead around him, tore Amor's back with his claws.

Dark magic, ——Shadow Walker——.

However, Nero's dark magic, being a "phantom beast" that is not human,
connected all the surrounding shadows and became a barrier surrounding
Amor.

<br />
【Nero】【Race: Coeurl】【Phantom Beast Rank 5】

【Mana Value: 320/330】50Up【HP: 520/520】10Up

【Strength: 20 (30)】【Endurance: 20 (30)】【Agility: 18
(27)】【Dexterity: 7】

【Claw Attack Lv.5】1Up【Martial Arts Lv.5】【Defense Lv.4】

【Non-Attribute Magic Lv.5】【Dark Magic Lv.5】New【Mana Control Lv.5】

【Intimidation Lv.5】【Stealth Lv.4】【Night Vision Lv.4】【Detection
Lv.5】

【Poison Resistance Lv.4】【Slashing/Piercing Resistance
Lv.5】【Abnormal Resistance Lv.4】

【Overall Combat Strength: 2541 (Body Enhancement in progress:
3210)】405Up

<br />
"You beast!!"

Amor just screams as Nero disappears and reappears in an instant,
attacking, and attacks the Second Knight Order, his subordinates, trying
to erase the "shadows."

"P-Please stop, Your Highness!"

Even if they are undead, being crushed by Amor as he is now would be a
fatal wound. At least the knights who still had a will became mindless
corpses, and at that sight, a knight of the Second Knight Order tried to
stop Amor from rampaging, shouting, but Amor glared back and roared
back.

"It's because you guys are dawdling! Take Dandorle down quickly!"

"...Ha!"

Even if they are undead, who knows what will happen if Amor, their
source, takes their power. At worst, those without a will might remain
as they are, and the Second Knight Order, those with a will, headed
towards the gates of Dandorle with a desperate resolve.

<br />
Nero is fighting Amor and can't move. Feld, who is suppressing the
greatsword, believing that Nero will create an opening for him, was the
same.

"Damn..."

Should he stop the mana flowing into the greatsword here and intercept
the Second Knight Order? But if he did that, he wouldn't have enough
mana to infuse into the greatsword again.

While he was doing that, a knight of the Second Knight Order, who
charged in without any defense, was pierced through the chest by a spear
by a knight on Dandorle's side who was waiting in front of the castle
gate, but still swung his broken sword and slashed the knight of
Dandorle.

There is no time. In a situation where he has to make a decision
immediately, the moment Feld bit his molars to make a decision——

"Gogah!?"

A huge spear, flying from the darkness, pierced the undead of the Second
Knight Order.

<br />
"——'Spirits of Water and Wind!'——"

At that "voice," the "Water" and "Wind" spirits, in the form of maidens,
entangled the undead, slashing and blowing them away.

Feld and the knights of Dandorle turned their eyes there. Dalton, who had
released the spear on horseback, and Mira, who had released spirit
magic, were there, and two cavalry jumped into the battlefield from
beside them.

"Finally, it's my turn!"

Jesha, shouting, slashed the undead away with a single blow of her
two-handed axe, and Viro, charging in with her horse into the gap in the
battle line, ran around to further disrupt the battle line, and the
people of Dandorle raised cheers at the sight.

"——The 'Rainbow Sword'!"

<br />
Rank 5 adventurers, the "Rainbow Sword"——They, who had immediately
started acting upon receiving a message from Feld, had arrived ahead of
the First Knight Order.

Even though there are only four of them, everyone is Rank 4 or higher,
and the undead, who were still commanding with will, were agitated by
the attack from behind.

<br />
"You guys!"

At that sight, the moment Amor's attention was diverted for a moment——

"GAOOOOOOOOOOOH!!"

Nero, jumping into his own shadow and jumping out of Amor's shadow, tore
him with his claws, and the shockwave blew Amor towards the castle gate.

<br />
"UOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"

Seeing that, Feld unleashed the mana of the greatsword all at once and
shot out like a cannonball.

"Feld!!"

Amor, noticing it, sent his powerful arm and insects towards Feld while
losing his balance. However, the insects were corroded by the darkness
that Feld wore and scattered.

"——【Hell Slash】——!"

Feld is the same as Nero. He knew his own inadequacy and sought power.
In order not to leave a single girl in solitude, in order to stand there
himself.

<br />
【Feld Ruein (Tangs)】【Race: Human Male】【Rank 5】

【Mana Value: 94/240】15Up【HP: 317/370】

【Strength: 17 (26)】【Endurance: 15 (22)】【Agility: 14
(21)】【Dexterity: 8】

【Swordsmanship Lv.5】【Spearmanship Lv.3】【Axe Combat Lv.3】【Throwing
Lv.3】

【Defense Lv.4】【Martial Arts Lv.5】【Stealth Lv.1】

【Light Magic Lv.2】【Fire Magic Lv.2】【Non-Attribute Magic
Lv.5】【Life Magic x2】

【Mana Control Lv.5】1Up【Intimidation Lv.3】【Detection Lv.3】

【Abnormal Resistance Lv.3】【Poison Resistance Lv.1】

【Simple Appraisal】

【Overall Combat Strength: 1594 (Body Enhancement in progress:
2035)】100Up

<br />
"Guahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Feld's level 5 combat skill cut off Amor's arm and slashed Amor's giant
body from shoulder to abdomen. But——

"Too shallow!"

Amor's mana stone is exposed again, but Feld's slash, slightly deviated
by his arm getting in the way, only cracked the mana stone. But its
power is not comparable to before, and the dark-attribute greatsword
burns the insects from the wound and inhibits regeneration.

Seeing that, Amor, just before Feld and Nero moved to follow up, roared
with bloodshot eyes as if foaming at the mouth.

"Not yet, not yet! Demon! Give me power!!"

A red-black light overflowed from Amor's heart, and insects overflowed
from Amor's mana stone, filling the wound, and the powerful arm that
moved again repelled Feld and Nero.

"—Gah!?"

At that moment, a white hand grabbed the mana stone, which was about to
be enveloped by insects again, from behind, and a black-haired girl had
a delighted smile on her face.

<br />
"Gotcha♪"




---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0013.md)

