[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0012.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0014.md)



# 241 Distorted Holy War 8

"Bring down the castle!!"

Amol's voice could be heard from outside.

Melrose's villa, located in the suburbs of the royal capital, was
nominally a "mansion," but it was also a "castle" given when Claydale
annexed Melrose, a former duchy, to quell the dissatisfaction of
Melrose's retainers.

The meaning of this was based on a covenant that Claydale had to make,
stating that if the Claydale royal family became corrupt and the nation
was in crisis, the former royal families like Melrose and Dandorle would
strike and quell it.

Amol, being royalty, knew this, which is why he referred to this mansion
as a "castle" that should be taken, and seemed to be committed to
conquering it with the army rather than his own special abilities.

That's why Melrose's forces, numbering only a few dozen, were able to
withstand the siege and not be defeated.

<br />
"You've returned, adventurer woman!"

"............"

Amol roared, noticing me the moment I appeared on the castle walls.

Amol's obsession with me was also a reason why the castle siege wasn't
progressing. Since I appeared, Amol's target seemed to be directed at me
rather than Melrose.

Was it triggered by me, whom he looked down upon as an adventurer,
annihilating the enemies in the dungeon...?

But that was the other side of Amol's inferiority complex. For him, who
had been suppressed, power was justice and the enemy.

Therefore, he was committed to victory as a commander and obsessed with
me, who had shown him my power.

I won't say that's foolish. But if that becomes your weakness, I'll take
advantage of it.

<br />
"Attack!"

At Amol's command, arrows were released from the Second Knights, and the
undead rushed forward.

They hadn't been standing idly by while I was away either. They had cut
down the surrounding trees to replace the broken ladders and were trying
to break down the gate with a battering ram they had built.

Seeing this, the soldiers and servants used their shields like umbrellas
against the rain of arrows, while throwing garden stones and bricks from
above. But the undead pressed on regardless of whether their skulls were
crushed or their necks were broken.

But we weren't just killing time either. We had taken measures in the
short time we had.

"First squad!"

"“Yes!”"

At my command, several soldiers dumped buckets of muddy water. This
caused several undead to slip, but that wouldn't stop them.

Just a little more... just one more second—

"Now!"

Dooooooom!!

The battering ram hit the castle gate, making a loud noise, and Amol
smirked. However, he noticed something strange about the state of his
subordinates and frowned slightly.

"What's wrong!?"

Amol called out to the undead who had stopped moving after hitting the
gate with the battering ram, but they weren't not moving, but rather
"unable" to move.

<br />
"Uooooooo!"

The next moment, the closed gate doors opened as if pushing the
battering ram away, and Melrose's elite troops, who had jumped out,
crushed the heads of the immobile undead, along with the worms inside,
with blunt weapons.

"S, stop them!"

"Retreat!"

Amol shouted, and at the same time, Mikhail gave instructions from
inside the gate. The knights returned into the gate without pursuing,
and arrows were fired belatedly, piercing the closed doors. Seeing this,
Amol turned his wide eyes to me.

"What did you do?!"

<br />
What I did was simple. After learning from the soldiers' reports that a
battering ram would be used, I had the muddy water poured onto the
battering ram, and at the moment it hit the door, I had \[Harden\] cast
from the inside.

\[Harden\] is a life magic that hardens earth attribute for a certain
period of time, and if used on muddy water, it becomes a restraint with
the hardness of iron. I was able to come up with the idea of using it
again this time because I had been helped by \[Harden\] many times
before.

The problem was that \[Harden\] is a contact magic, but if mana was
passed through the metal fittings of the door, which is also earth
attribute, in advance, \[Harden\] could be cast the moment the battering
ram hit it.

But that was not an easy task. If the casting of the magic was delayed,
the battering ram could destroy the door.

There weren't many people in the mansion who could use \[Harden\], but
there was also a commoner maid who volunteered, and the unity and morale
of Melrose was high.

<br />
"Damn you! Men, press them with numbers!"

At Amol's command, the undead rushed out with multiple battering rams.
Behind them, perhaps wary of the knights appearing from the gate, undead
wielding spears followed.

The Melrose side immediately dropped mud from above, but this time,
soldiers were shot when the moment was targeted with arrows.

"Get the injured people down! ...!"

Dooooooom!!

Targeting that moment, three battering rams hit the door, and a roar
resounded that was incomparable to the first time. At the same time,
\[Harden\] was successfully cast from the inside, but it seemed that
there were injuries among the civilians due to the impact.

The door to the gate has the effect of \[Harden\] on the metal parts, so
it cannot be easily broken. However, in a situation where they are being
waited for outside, the knights inside cannot get out of the door.

Also, if they receive this repeatedly, the wooden part will not hold up,
let alone the metal part.

The knights of the Second Knights could be seen rushing to the undead
who were captured by \[Harden\] in order to use the battering ram again.

In order for them to release the undead restrained by \[Harden\], they
need to use the opposite attribute \[Water Flow\] to cancel \[Harden\].

<br />
"Nets!"

Seeing this, I had the knights, who had been prepared as the second
squad, throw nets.

"What!?"

The knights with wills saw this and swung their spears, but unlike
swords, spears could not block the nets and were ensnared. The nets,
aimed at those with wills, captured several people and were pulled up.

"Show no mercy!"

"You guys—"

The knights and soldiers who pulled up the nets crushed the heads of
those who couldn't move.

<br />
The nets were originally in this mansion. Melrose is a southern maritime
city. They possess the largest navy in the kingdom, and they sometimes
fish in lakes during their vacations, so I saw nets drying behind the
castle walls and asked to use them.

But this, like the strengthening of the gate, is not a trick that can be
used many times.

If Amol is cornered, he will use fire arrows to target the nets and
those who use them.

That's why we need to settle this before that.

<br />
"Attack again! I'm going out too!"

Amol, who had been retreating, jumped forward again.

"Is it okay for the commander to come out?"

"Don't be ridiculous! If I defeat you, the rest are just a rabble!"

Amol retorted to my taunt. But that's fine. The goal is to draw you
within my reach. That's why I had the undead with wills targeted.

Amol can't give instructions to all one hundred people alone. Against
Amol's rough orders, the knights with wills, like the squadron leader I
saw at the beginning, are giving detailed instructions.

Amol, who was targeted, has to come forward even if he knows it's a
taunt. He retorted to prevent me from realizing that.

At the same time, the knights with wills also come forward following
Amol.

Perhaps only the knights with wills can use magic even among the undead.
If life magic is the same, then they are planning to release the undead
captured by \[Harden\] while Amol is drawing attention. But...

"Do you think I'll just watch that?"

"You've come out, adventurer woman!"

Amol attacked me, who had jumped out of the castle walls, as if dancing
in the air.

"No more holding back."

I dodged the attribute-less magic that Amol unleashed, using the recoil
of moving through the air, and kicked the neck of the undead below to
break it, soaring into the sky.

"—\[Levitate\]—"

If I'm in the air, I won't be surrounded by the undead on the ground.
They can't defeat me either, but the undead's means of attack are
limited.

<br />
"Men, shoot this guy!"

"Yes!"

Amol instructs the squadron leader below. But that's what I'm here for.

Squish!

"Gah!?"

Before the squadron leader could convey that order to the undead without
wills, the pendulum-shaped weight that I swung down crushed his head. I
threw another pottery bottle, and the poison from the broken contents
burned the worms that were there to death.

"Damn it, shoot, shoot!"

Seeing this, Amol waved his sword at me while giving crude instructions.

However, the undead who were surrounding me and Amol did not use bows or
magic in response to that order, but only threw the spears in their
hands.

No matter how much the physical abilities of the undead can ignore the
load on the muscles, heavy spears thrown from below to above will not
hit.

The knights with wills who were giving appropriate instructions after
hearing Amol's crude orders had all gone to the castle gate except for
the squadron leader.

<br />
"Release the second net!"

"Ooooooooooo!"

The knights who had jumped out from the castle gate threw the nets again
at my voice.

"As if that will work!"

They also realize that we are targeting those who can use magic. That's
why they tried to cut the nets immediately with sharp one-handed swords
and daggers.

But that net is "mud-covered".

"\[Harden\]!"

Those who were holding the ropes attached to the net used \[Harden\] to
turn the net into a cage, and taking advantage of this, all the knights
and soldiers who jumped out of the gate restrained the undead without
wills while defeating the knights with wills one after another.

<br />
It's just a trick, but we've defeated nearly 30% with this. However, it
is very significant that we were able to defeat many knights with wills
who can give instructions.

If this happens, the knights with wills cannot recklessly come forward,
and if that happens, they cannot release the undead captured in the net,
and they cannot recklessly attack.

After that, all that remains is for me to hold down and defeat Amol, who
can overturn that.

<br />
"Don't underestimate meeee!"

Amol, who had thrown off his cloak, enlarged the left half of his body,
which had become worms, and punched me.

But I said no holding back.

"—\[Corrosion\]—"

I unleash the other level 5 dark magic.

"Gwoooo! What is this!?"

<br />
It is a ranged attack that deals continuous damage with dark attack
magic. It is a difficult magic to use, but from Amol's left half, which
was covered in black mist and made of worms, the dead worms began to
crumble and fall off.

<br />
"Damn you, damn you, damn you!!"

Amol, with his right hand that had thrown away his sword, pressed down
on the festering right half of his face, and attacked me with his
enlarged left arm.

The crumbling worms fly around, but the dead worms are not a threat.
When I cut off his finger with a black knife, fear appeared on Amol's
face for the first time as his left hand crumbled.

"I... I have been reborn!!"

Amol's right half was also covered in worms, and the worms devoured the
worms on the left side, enlarging his entire body like a giant.

That's your trump card... then.

<br />
"—\[Iron Rose\]... \[Reality Breaker\]—!"

<br />
I also release my trump card. My pinkish-golden hair turns ash-grey,
like burnt iron, and particles of light scatter from my entire body,
spreading like silver wings.

"Haaaaaa!"

"Ugaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Amol's fist, which still retained the remnants of a human face, and my
light collided, and a dagger wrapped in light particles sliced through
Amol's arm.

Amol's arm is regenerated as if filled with worms, but Amol no longer
had the initial composure.

<br />
"Prepare your bows! Help Lord Amol!"

The knights with wills in the rear jumped out, and the undead who
received their orders began to prepare their bows. But you're not the
only one with allies.

An arrow flew through the air and pierced the eye of the knight with a
will who was giving instructions.

"Support that person!!"

The knights and soldiers of Melrose also prepared their bows, and the
magicians began to shoot fire arrows to restrain the Second Knights.

With their equipment, they cannot defeat the undead unless they use nets
and tricks. But it is possible to keep them there.

In the meantime, I will defeat Amol!

<br />
"Guu..."

Amol, finally realizing that he was at a disadvantage, glared at me
resentfully.

The real battle starts here. Which will come first, my mana running out,
or whittling down Amol...? I threw a dragon blood pill into my mouth,
and at the moment I was about to launch an attack—that happened.

"What..."

Suddenly, a reddish-black light leaked from Amol's chest, from the gap
between the dense worms.

Heart? Is there a magic stone there? When I became wary and distanced
myself slightly, the phenomenon did not seem to be intended by Amol, and
Amol, slightly flustered, turned his gaze to the north and let out a
scream filled with hatred.

"Karla, you bastard!!"

<br />
Karla? Why is her name...?

But without being able to obtain that answer, Amol, who had screamed,
suddenly jumped out in that direction.

I was stunned for a moment by Amol, who started running at a beastly
speed, but then I realized that the direction was the royal capital and
chased after him.

Karla... what did you do?



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0012.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0014.md)

