[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0019.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0021.md)



# 248 Graduation Event "Genuine"

(It's finally here...)

Having heard the words "dissolution of the engagement" from the mouth of
her fiancé, Elvan, Clara felt a piercing pain deep within her heart,
even though she knew it was coming.

The venue was filled not only with the relatives of graduates, as it was
Prince Elvan's coming-of-age ceremony, but also with members of noble
families with old bloodlines, and his sudden statement caused the nobles
gathered at the venue to stir.

Among them, PatLicia of the ducal house, who had also been informed and
was never originally intended to be queen, looked pale, but she seemed
somewhat relieved.

If only someone could understand Karla's feelings, who was somehow
enjoying herself... no one would be struggling.

<br />
Clara had been resisting the fate of the "otome game" all along.
However, that chain of fate entangled Clara's heart, made her the
"villainous lady," and now Elvan was trying to break off the engagement
with Clara, just like in the otome game.

But this was not "the world of an otome game." It was a world where
people with wills lived, changed by human hearts, a world inhabited by
living people.

<br />
Clara, who had just regained her memories of her previous life, believed
that this world was the world of an otome game and was convinced that it
would proceed according to the story of the otome game.

Therefore, she was afraid of suffering terribly and dying young in this
life as well. To eliminate the "heroine," Clara indulged in the same
evil deeds as the Clara in the game and was aware that she had caused
trouble for many people.

However, there were also people who stood by her side.

The former members of the assassin's guild, whom she had initially
picked up with the intention of using them, believed in Clara and even
risked their lives for her.

Although there were some slight misunderstandings with her family, she
was able to reconcile with them earlier than in the game, and they
understood that Clara did not desire to be queen.

And...

(Elvan-sama...)

Clara's heart ached at his painful gaze as he announced the dissolution
of the engagement to them, his fiancées, at this "graduation event."

<br />
The Clara of the otome game had a weak heart. Due to her pride as a
noble lady, she tried to be perfect and became isolated because she
couldn't rely on anyone.

Even from Clara's current perspective, that in itself was not a bad
thing. Fearing that the heroine, who was a former orphan, would become
queen and support the weak Elvan as crown prince, she cast herself as
the "villain" for his sake.

But there was no "love" there...

What Clara had was a sense of duty as a noble that chipped away at her
heart, and that created a misunderstanding and unfortunately caused
Elvan's heart to drift away.

Clara's aunt, the second queen, who shared the same sense of duty and
resisted in the same way, stopped at the last step, but the Clara in the
game couldn't stop.

<br />
In this life, Clara had a weak heart. The common sense she had as an
ordinary person in another world made her weak. But because she couldn't
bear the pressure of being a noble lady and showed that weakness, Elvan,
who had the same "weakness," stayed close to her.

That was a salvation for the two of them. To those like Elena, who was a
pure-blooded royal, and Karla, who had lived to kill everything, it
might have been a pathetic figure as a noble, but it was the only
salvation for Clara and Elvan.

But because of that weakness, Elvan was ensnared by a "poison flower"
disguised as a lovely flower, and he began to distance himself from
Clara out of guilt.

In the midst of the unusual atmosphere of the venue, Clara clasped her
hands together as if praying.

(Even so... I believe in you.)

<br />
   ＊

<br />
(This is it...)

Elvan squeezed out what little courage he had and braced himself.

As the venue buzzed, Elvan turned his face to the venue, and the buzz
subsided a little. He began to speak slowly, as if scanning the room
with his eyes.

"Some of you may be wondering why I suddenly said such a thing. ...It is
not the fault of my former fiancées. It was the existence of 'her' that
made me think this way."

The gaze of Elvan was directed at one "girl" - the Saintess Licia, who
smiled at Elvan's words.

The nobles, "charmed" by her appearance and reminded of her existence,
showed expressions of understanding.

<br />
"She... Miss Alicia Melsis, entered the Magic Academy last year and
stayed close to my heart, which was troubled as a crown prince and as a
member of the royal family. She understood the suffering I had never
told anyone and gave me the words I had always wanted to hear."

The people became quiet and listened intently to what Elvan was saying.

The old noble families, who believed that Elvan, as the eldest son,
should become crown prince, frowned at the content but were convinced.
The noble families who sided with Elena, thinking he was weak, looked
dubious, and the noble faction nodded in satisfaction.

<br />
"It's okay to be myself as I am... I began to pay attention to her for
such guiding words."

"Elvan-sama..."

A murmur calling out an "affectionate name" inappropriate for the place,
where even His Majesty the King was present, leaked from Saintess Licia,
but the moment people saw Licia, they felt the deep connection between
the two of them before frowning at the disrespect, and they let out a
sigh-like breath.

"Still feeling a lack of power, Miss Alicia Melsis proposed something to
me. We dived into a deep and painful dungeon, overcame difficulties with
our companions, and finally, as a result, I was able to obtain a
\[Gift\]."

<br />
A commotion arose from the surroundings at the word \[Gift\] that Elvan
uttered.

To the general public, "Gift" was a fairy tale event, and it was said
that many heroes of the past sought it and brought peace to the world
with its power.

Did Elvan become a hero with the power of that Gift? If so, isn't he
still worthy of being crown prince? Such thoughts crossed the nobles'
minds.

"And Miss Alicia Melsis also faced these difficulties together, and with
this achievement, she was granted the title of 'Saintess' by the Holy
Church."

The people's gazes gathered on Licia. The words "a young Saintess who
helps a hero" came to mind, and Licia smiled slightly shyly at the
people's eyes, which were filled with something akin to admiration.

<br />
If they heard this story, everyone would have to be convinced. Even if
someone felt uncomfortable with such an unbelievable story, the smile of
the Saintess would erase such doubts.

There are stories in which someone is disparaged and a fiancée is
replaced, but Elvan is giving his own reasons and trying to dissolve the
engagement with sincerity. The act itself is not sincere, and the
fiancées are met with sympathetic gazes, but it was still more favorable
than forcibly replacing the fiancées by taking advantage of his
authority as crown prince.

Everyone understood. This place was a place for "dissolution of the
engagement" and "new engagement."

Then who is the new crown prince's fiancée? Who will be the next queen?

From a political point of view, it would be impossible to form ties with
powerful domestic nobles, and it seems like a bad move internally, but
if they form ties with the "Saintess," who is a symbol of public opinion
in the neutral faction and the Holy Church, neighboring countries will
have to recognize it.

The people's gazes gathered on Saintess Licia again, and she was about
to take a step forward with tearful eyes, when -

"...Clara..."

Elvan knelt not in front of Licia, but in front of the red-haired girl
on the platform.

<br />
"I'm someone who will lose everything, but... will you stay with me
forever?"

"...Yes. Yes, Elvan-sama!"

<br />
Clara didn't even wipe away the tears that were falling one after
another at his unadorned words, and knelt down from the platform as if
to take Elvan's hand.

Why would she take the hand of someone she had once broken off the
engagement with? Everyone at the venue was stunned by the sudden
development, and even the members of the royal family, who had been
looking at Elvan with stern faces, slightly relaxed their expressions,
while a girl muttered.

<br />
".........What is that?"

<br />
   ＊

<br />
It was a small, faint voice, but it echoed surprisingly loudly.

Saintess Licia. If she had been her usual self, she would have noticed
it immediately and been able to gloss over it, but Licia didn't even do
that and pointed at Clara.

"Why her (Clara)!? That person is not suitable for Elvan-sama!"

The surroundings buzzed again at Licia's statement, which disparaged a
high-ranking noble, even though she was a "Saintess" recognized by the
Holy Church, but Licia smiled slightly and used the attention that had
gathered.

"The Holy Church has found out that that person has connections with the
underworld and used her own forces to target my life! There is no way
that such a person can become queen!"

People's gazes gathered on Clara, and she felt the eyes that had
contained sympathy turn to disgust due to the "favorability" that Licia
had, and Clara shrank.

<br />
(What's going on!?)

Licia had a complacent smile on her face as she called out to the
"demon" she had contracted with.

She had become a Saintess according to the game and had raised Elvan's
favorability to the maximum. She had known about the darkness in his
heart from the beginning. By using and affirming all of that, he had
rolled around in her palm like a toy.

The power of Licia's "charm" and the existence of the "Nightmare." With
that woman's knowledge, there was nothing she couldn't do.

To that end, she had used Amor and Nathaniel as pawns and used their
power to interfere with the consciousness of the people and had
perfectly prepared the arrangements for her to become the crown
princess.

Even so, the slight feelings that remained for her (Clara) should have
been perfectly overwritten by Licia's Gift and the power of the
Nightmare.

Why, then, at the very end, didn't Elvan choose her? As Licia was
confused, unable to understand the reason, the voice of the demon was
heard.

<br />
《――No problem――》

The demon said that it had expected this to happen. Hadn't it had that
woman's "magic stone" examined by the demon for such a time, used the
"knowledge" obtained from it to have Saintess supporters gather
evidence, and predicted that Clara would struggle at the end and
gathered evidence?

(……That's right. That's exactly right.)

She couldn't gather evidence for things that deviated from the content
of the game, but if it followed the game, even if it was difficult to
impose the death penalty, she should be able to bring it to the point of
exile.

Clara cannot become queen. If that happens, Licia is the only suitable
candidate. From the perspective of noble common sense and public
opinion, if one thinks rationally, it should not be otherwise.

But -

<br />
"I don't know if that's true. Some of it may be true. But if she is to
be held responsible for that, I will bear the same guilt."

Elvan's heart was not moved by Licia's words, and he strongly embraced
the trembling Clara.

"Elvan-sama..."

Licia narrowed her eyes as if glaring at the sight of the two of them
staring at each other, and Elvan bowed his head to Licia with a
complicated expression.

"...I am grateful to you. It is true that I was saved by your words,
even though it turned out this way. But it was Clara that I needed.
Clara needed me as me, not as the crown prince. And..."

Elvan took Clara's hand and looked at Licia with pity.

"You cannot become queen."

<br />
Those who worshipped the Saintess became agitated at those words, and
Licia, who frowned slightly, had a complacent smile on her face.

This "event" was also in the otome game. Originally, even if she was a
Saintess backed by public opinion, the heroine, who was a Viscount's
daughter, could not become queen. As a behind-the-scenes setting, the
current queen was formerly a Viscount's daughter, which is also causing
internal political problems.

It was an event that might not have happened with the power of Licia's
"charm" and "Nightmare," but on the contrary, she realized that the
otome game was progressing normally because this event had occurred.
Clara was the one who said that in that event, but the difference is
minor in the current situation.

<br />
"Then there's no problem. I am a daughter of the Melrose family."

Licia took out a "ring" from her sleeve, put it on her finger, and held
her arm forward as if showing it off.

"My deceased mother was a member of the Melrose family, and she left
this ring to me! Isn't that right, 'Grandfather'!"

Licia calls out to the Border Count of Melrose, who was standing by His
Majesty the King.

<br />
There is no "real" "heroine." It is not even known if she is alive or
dead, and if she is alive and knows her origins, there is no way that a
child who was in such a harsh orphanage would dream of the world of the
nobility, and there is no reason why she would not come forward.

The "knowledge" in the magic stone accurately memorized even the shape
and color of the "Melrose ring" that was in the game.

She is amazed by the persistence of that woman, who remembered it, but
because it is a game, even if there are slight differences in the shape,
no one should perfectly remember something from decades ago. It was also
the demon who made it so that no evidence would remain, but even if one
feels uncomfortable with it, Licia's "charm" will cancel it out.

This power is the strongest. Even if she is not even equal to a regular
soldier in battle, Licia smiled broadly, thinking that she, who can
obtain the power of "charm" and "Nightmare" as long as she is in a
civilized society, is the "strongest." But -

<br />
"...What are you saying?"

Belt, the "grandfather," revealed his disgust at the call.

"I don't know if that ring is real. The 'real' one has already been
found. 'Alicia.'"

At that call, one "girl" standing next to the princess comes forward.

Some of the audience knew that girl. As a reliable ally and as a
detestable enemy, they recognized that she was a beautiful girl, but few
had any further feelings.

But the girl, dressed in a velvet-like glossy black dress and with her
shining pinkish-blonde hair tied up, was so beautiful that she
inadvertently let out a breath.

Those who did not know her were also breathless at her beauty, and the
nobles of the older generation found the shadow of the "pink-haired
lady" they had longed for long ago and narrowed their eyes as if they
had seen a phantom.

And the girl showed off the "real ring" on her finger with a dignified
expression.

<br />
"I am Alicia Melrose."

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0019.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0021.md)

