[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0023.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0025.md)



# 252 Graduation Event "Comrades"

"Don't think of those rioters as just people! Soldiers, evacuate the
civilians, hurry!"

""""Yes!""""

Those who resonated with the demon's "song" suddenly began to rampage,
and the Knights and soldiers sallied forth from the castle into the
royal capital, where destruction and fires spread.

They were clearly rioters and those influenced by the demon, but the
Knights could only take the means of suppression, not subjugation. Even
if they were no longer "people" due to the demon's power, the Knights
who protect the citizens could not kill the citizens.

If they looked obviously like monsters or had become undead, the story
would be different, but those who resonated with the demon's song were
devout people attending the church, and even if they were attacked,
their acquaintances and family hindered the actions of the Knights and
soldiers.

"Please stop! This person is just confused!"

Without realizing that it was a demon's ploy...

<br />
The fires gradually began to spread, illuminating the night sky with a
blood red color. Guards and citizens trying to extinguish the flames
were attacked by rioters. Families hindered the soldiers who were trying
to defeat them.

In the midst of the royal capital, which had begun to fall into such a
quagmire, those with isolated "individual power" were engaged in a
fierce death battle.

<br />
"GAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

"AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

\*Thud!!\*

A burning insect giant and a jet-black beast collided, and the two
entangled giants destroyed the cityscape while scattered burning insects
spread the flames.

But, fortunately or unfortunately, the spread of insects that parasitize
people, which Elena and Aria were most wary of, had been prevented.

Whether that Karla scattered the flames with that in mind is beyond
comprehension, but Nero wasn't the one to consider which would cause
more damage: the burning city or that.

Even Nero, who is only interested in Aria, does not want to destroy the
city where she lives. But Nero also instinctively understood that unless
Amor was destroyed, even more damage would occur.

<br />
--Darkness--

Nero opened his jaw like a roar, and slammed particles of darkness at
Amor like a dragon's breath.

"NuGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!"

Amor, who had not felt any pain from any attacks until now, let out a
scream of agony.

Nero's attack, which sublimated Dark Magic \[Corrosion\] and \[Dark
Gimlet\], inflicted damage that exceeded Amor's regeneration, which had
allowed him to move even in the flames, and finally Amor's surface began
to crumble.

But--

<br />
"IIIIIIYAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

For a moment, the shadow of a white maid overlapped with Amor's body as
he screamed.

Then, suddenly, Amor's flame-covered body turned inside out as if being
torn apart, and a huge earthworm-like insect appeared, devouring the
outside as if chewing it.

Feeling that his flesh had already been destroyed and Amor's soul, which
had been slightly remaining in the magic stone, was being consumed at
the same time, Nero narrowed his eyes as if glaring at what had evolved
into a new stage.

The giant insect, about thirty meters in length and over one meter in
thickness, destroyed the surrounding buildings with its undulating giant
body, bared countless funnel-shaped fangs, and spewed out huge flames to
engulf Nero.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"...What the heck is that?"

Viro muttered in amazement, seeing from afar the scene of a giant insect
and a phantom beast fighting and destroying the cityscape.

Viro also has experience fighting Attribute Dragons of Rank 7. However,
the battles in the desert, where there was no need to worry about the
surroundings, had an otherworldly sense of excitement as an adventurer
fighting a dragon, even if it was a death battle.

The insect monster and the phantom beast Coeurl are not as good as a
dragon. However, the sight of the familiar cityscape being destroyed and
people disappearing into the flames gave him a sense of terror as a
tragic "reality."

<br />
They, the "Rainbow Swords," had been requested by Prime Minister Belt to
guard the royal castle. Originally, Belt's request, like Aria's, was for
the protection of the royal family, but Princess Elena advised that
their presence would unnecessarily stimulate the aristocratic faction,
and that damage would not be limited to the venue, so the "Rainbow
Swords" were stationed outside the castle.

<br />
"Viro and Jesha, suppress the Knights and the rioters! Mira and Feld,
come with me! We'll take down that big thing!"

"Eeh\~~, we're stuck here!?"

Jesha, who was holding a double-bladed ax, complained at Dalton's
instructions.

Unlike Viro, who specializes in interpersonal combat, Jesha, who wields
large weapons, is suitable for fighting monsters. However, in the case
of enemies with high attack power, such as the Minotaur Murderer in the
dungeon, Rank 4 Jesha and Viro could be killed with a single blow.

<br />
Especially now, the insect monster and the phantom beast Nero are
fighting. If they were to intervene in the meantime, Dalton judged that
unexpected damage could occur in a normal party battle.

Even though Mira is also Rank 4 like Viro and the others, the reason for
bringing Mira along is not only because of Mira's high magical attack
power, but also because she mainly uses ranged attacks. There is still
danger, but Mira, who has been an adventurer for over a century, has
excellent crisis judgment skills.

They were not strangers to Nero either. Just as he decided to head to
provide support, hoping that Nero would remember them, one of them...
Feld called out to Dalton with a grim expression.

"...Dalton. I'm sorry, but I'm going to support Aria."

<br />
Feld's actions were not planned. According to the predetermined action
plan, if a demon appeared, the "Rainbow Swords" were to eliminate anyone
who interfered with Aria's battle, such as the Holy Woman faction and
the demon's familiars.

Aria, Karla, High-ranking demons... There are no humans who can
intervene in the superhuman battles exceeding a combat power of 5000,
except for heroes of the Hero's Companion class. Just interfering would
require risking one's life.

More than that, Aria wanted to settle things with Karla.

<br />
"You're going to interfere in their fight?"

"That's not it."

Feld quietly shook his head at Dalton, who was trying to confirm his
true intentions.

"No matter what the outcome, Aria, who has shown her power, will be seen
in a special light by others. A hero or a monster... But as a companion,
I don't intend to leave her 'alone'."

Everyone understood the meaning when Feld spoke while looking at his
companions' eyes, and they were silent for a moment. Among them, the man
who had been with Aria the longest was the first to move.

"Ah~... Isn't that fine? I'd die if I went, but you'll be fine.
Probably!"

"Viro..."

When Viro patted his shoulder with an old man-like gesture, he started
walking towards Dalton, looking utterly disgusted.

"Leave that to us. If we hold back now, my woman will scold me! I'm
definitely going to make you guys buy me drinks later!"

"...Understood, Viro."

Viro decided to head towards the giant insect instead of Feld, rather
than waiting in the rear. Seeing that, Dalton grinned and turned to Mira
and Jesha.

"If you're that determined, it's no use stopping you. Jesha, do you want
to fight too!?"

"Yeah!"

"Then it's settled! Everyone, risk your lives!"

Finally, Feld and Dalton bumped fists, and the "Rainbow Swords" flew off
to their respective battlefields.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
Following "that woman" who flew off in the direction of the demon, I run
through the night city.

\*Thud!\*

"--!"

I realized that Karla was still fighting from the impact sound echoing
from the direction I was heading.

Increasing my speed even further, I ran up to the roof of a building and
pierced through the black smoke enveloping the flames and rubble. There,
I saw Karla and the demon (Colette) in the same form as when I saw them
at the venue.

<br />
"DEMOOOOOOOOONN!"

That woman, who had arrived first, headed towards the demon, and the
demon, while wary of Karla, smiled like a loving mother with Colette's
face.

"What's wrong, contractor? Were you bullied? Poor thing... But you don't
have to cry anymore."

\*Thud!\*

Colette pierced that woman's chest without hesitation with her left arm,
which had turned into an insect.

That couldn't possibly be an attack. That woman had a rapturous
expression on her face even as she was pierced through the chest, and
was absorbed as if being taken in. Colette sprouted that woman's upper
body in place of her left arm, which was made of insects.

"...Kihihikakakakakakakakakk"

"We'll be together forever now, contractor."

Colette looked adoringly at that woman, who was laughing madly with the
demon's left arm.

<br />
The price of the contract was not Licia's soul, but that woman was the
demon's contractor. Licia may have been deceived, but for a demon, the
contractor is not the soul, but the will.

Even so, can one become a contractor with just the "memories" sealed in
the magic stone?

I thought that the fact that the demon sees the magic stone, which is
merely a recording medium, as a contractor, means that Licia's soul is
still bound.

<br />
"Did I keep you waiting?"

Colette, who had absorbed that woman, lowered her head to me and Karla
with an elegant gesture.

"You're welcome. It's easier to dispose of when they're together,
right?"

Karla retorted at Colette's provoking words. However, Colette knew the
reason why Karla was waiting.

"Did you rest a little? It's about time you guys got serious, too?"

<br />
Karla, who had been on the verge of death the whole time, had only the
physical strength of a toddler. Even if she obtained infinite mana with
\[Gift\], there is a limit to her activity.

I thought that the reason Karla wasn't using \[Gift\] was the same as
why I was conserving mana: to conserve her limited physical strength.

If Karla fought seriously, even a demon would not be unscathed. If that
happened, the damage to the royal capital would have been even greater.

But, the reason why Karla didn't use the Gift was neither such
uncharacteristic kindness, nor mere conservation, but something a little
different.

<br />
"I wouldn't get serious against a 'warm-up act', would I?"

<br />
Karla doesn't change even when facing a demon. Arrogantly, haughtily,
mockingly. But Colette responded to such Karla with a crescent-shaped
devilish smile.

"Try it."

"KYAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Colette spewed out miasma bullets like rain from the mouth of that
woman, who was screaming strangely.

I, who had been on alert so that I could move at any time, flew around
the roof using body techniques to avoid the attacks, and Karla waved her
right hand, which had been accumulating mana, while floating in the air.

"--\[Typhoon\]--"

<br />
\*GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!\*

A huge whirlwind containing mana blew away the miasma bullets and the
black smoke.

Karla's strength doesn't rely on the Gift. It is because of her overly
precise mana manipulation that she can handle vast amounts of mana
without wasting any of it.

As proof of that, Colette lost her balance in the whirlwind, but I and
Karla herself were hardly affected. In that instant, I took out my knife
and jumped into the night sky, and the moment Karla was about to unleash
the mana she had been accumulating in her left hand--

"--Fire!"

Karla's movements stopped for a moment at the voice she heard.

In that instant, countless \[Fire Arrows\] were fired from dozens of
silhouettes seen in the direction of the castle, raining down on
everyone in this place.

<br />
"--\[Magic Shield\]--"

I created two magic shields from both hands to deflect the fire arrows,
and Colette also shook her left arm, which had become that woman, to
defend against the attack.

Who used attack magic? Although it is effective against demons and
insects, is it sane to indiscriminately use fire again in a city where
so many fires are already burning?

<br />
\*Flap!\*

"............"

Karla, who brushed off the fire arrows with the hem of her dress made of
mithril, turned her chillingly dark gaze, with the usual smile erased,
towards the direction from which the fire arrows were fired.

"...Oh, I forgot."

Saying that, Karla, who turned her eyes back to me again, picked up the
hem of her silver dress with her fingers, wearing her usual smile.

"I have some business to take care of. I'll leave this to you, Aria."

<br />
Saying that, Karla flew towards the plaza. Colette frowned and tried to
follow her, but I also frowned and swung my pendulum, and the battle
between me and the demon began insidiously.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"Impact!"

"How effective is it, on the demon!?"

The court magician and the members of the magic corps who fired magic at
the demon and its surroundings strained their eyes to check the effect.

"Report concisely."

Count Leicester, the head court magician, frowned at the state of his
subordinates, but the corners of his mouth were slightly raised.

Using low-level attack magic as a barrage is a common tactic for
obtaining stable results. It is not very effective against upper-level
demons, but there was definitely someone in that place who could easily
die if they were hit by even a single attack.

<br />
When a demon appeared in the royal castle and Leicester was protecting
the royal family, he led the corps out of the castle on his own when
Karla and Aria moved the battlefield to the city.

Leicester took this as a good opportunity. The demon, who he had heard
was Rank 6, was certainly a threat, but for Leicester, there was no
greater threat than his own daughter.

His daughter, whom he had once used as a disposable tool for the
all-attribute acquisition experiment, gained power on her own and killed
his sons.

Although they were the same tools, he had carefully raised his sons as
usable tools. Karla, who had been killed before he could use them, and
who had gained a Gift and surpassed her father in ability, was still
useful as the crown prince's fiancee, so he suppressed his anger and
spared her.

That daughter, who he didn't know when she would bare her fangs, was
dangerous. Now that Elvan had fallen, there was no longer any point in
keeping her alive.

<br />
"No movement from the demon!"

"Good, prepare for the second volley, simultaneous fire!"

Seeing that there was no movement from the demon's side, Leicester
ordered the next volley to be fired. However, a man walked out from
among the magicians who seemed to be the observation team.

"T-there's a report!"

"...What is it?"

"Your daughter, who was chasing after the demon, may also be at the
scene, so a mass sweep is thought to be dangerous!"

"............"

Leicester distorted his mouth at his subordinate's report.

He was one of those who had been dispatched to the dungeon capture
carried out by the royal family, and he also knew Karla's face.

Leicester did not dispatch the aristocratic magicians, who were his
proteges, to the dungeon capture, but sent magicians who were close to
commoners to the dungeon. He should have sent those who would not be a
loss even if they died, but they all returned alive.

Such an unnecessary subordinate was trying to ruin a good opportunity.
If even one direct hit landed on Karla's physical strength, she would
die. Leicester waved his hand to the subordinates around him without
saying a word to the subordinate who made the statement that was
interfering with that.

"Your Excellency, what are you--"

"--\[Ice Lance\]--"

"--!?"

<br />
The man, who was pierced through the abdomen by an ice spear fired by
someone who had suddenly been a comrade, collapsed without a sound.
Because it was ice, no blood flowed, and Leicester and the aristocratic
magicians around him looked down on the man, who continued to suffer
after having his internal organs crushed, with expressions of contempt.

<br />
"I'll heal you when it's over. If you don't die until then, that is.
Second volley, prepare!"

The common magicians looked down in fear at their tyranny, and the
aristocratic magicians began to chant magic without caring about the
fallen man, at that moment--

<br />
--\*Boom!\*--

<br />
"What!?"

Suddenly, flames released from the sky engulfed several magicians.
Leicester, who quickly stepped back and looked up at the sky, saw a
black-haired girl floating in the moon.

<br />
"Greetings, Father. Don't you think it's a lovely night?"


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0023.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0025.md)

