[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0002.md)



# 229 Undead

When did it begin?

Even before that, there were several "stories" on this continent.

A girl who entered magic academy, after several romances, crossed over
to a desert country with a young man from a foreign land, becoming a
bridge between the two countries and bringing peace.

A certain girl born in the desert, learning of the loneliness of the
Demon King, even stopped the war between demons and humans by loving
him.

A girl born into a viscount family, in order to avoid excessive
interference from other countries, chose to become queen and become the
king's shield.

These were the stories of girls buried in the corners of history. And
the story that begins in this era will have its destinies twisted by the
appearance of a single flaw in those tales.

<br />
One day, a woman with knowledge of the future was born and began to move
in order to interfere with the "stories."

Boys and girls dancing with fate on a glittering stage. The woman,
realizing the reality that rejects foreign elements, tried to become a
girl, but instead lost her life, and yet, the lingering emotion she left
behind twisted the fate of another girl as well.

The girl who was supposed to become the heroine, by repelling the
woman's emotion, only obtained the necessary knowledge and chose to
resist fate.

The girl who was not supposed to be involved in the story only obtained
the remaining emotion and harbored an ambition to gain a great destiny.

<br />
A girl who even forgot her own name. Just as that woman with knowledge
of the future discarded her name in this life in order to affirm her
previous self when she regained her memories, the girl who obtained a
new destiny also discarded her former self and chose the new name
"Alicia."

However, the fact that she still allowed herself to be called by the
nickname "Licia" may have been the stubbornness of someone who couldn't
abandon the "false" self.

<br />
The girl knew that she had "nothing."

Only the beauty inherited from her mother, who worked as a night worker,
remained with the girl, and from a young age, she naturally knew to rely
on men and be protected by them.

If she made use of that beauty, she would surely be happy. Her mother,
who taught her that, also died in a monster attack, and in the harsh
life of the orphanage, the girl constantly wondered what happiness was.

Not enough food. Make them pay for it. The work is hard. Make others do
it.

Relying on men. Making use of her beauty. She had been practicing that
with older boys, but the girl felt that it was somehow different from
the "happiness" she had heard from her mother.

<br />
In her original life, the girl would have followed the same fate as her
mother.

The girl longed for "happiness." Even if she didn't really know what it
meant, she longed for the stories of marrying a prince and being happy
that her mother's friends had casually told her when she was younger,
and it should have ended with just longing.

Then... the girl picked up a half-broken "magic stone."

What seeped in from the cut she made with its corner was a woman's
"emotion" built up over decades, and the knowledge to live in that world
had disappeared somewhere, but it taught her the knowledge to rise to
the top in that world... to become "happy."

<br />
"…Yes, I… want to become ‘happy (a heroine).’"

<br />
The girl has nothing. No power to fight, no funds, only her own talent
and the knowledge of what is supposed to happen from now on.

That is why the girl is not afraid of anything. In order to fulfill the
dream of "becoming happy" that she dreamed of as a child... in order to
be loved more than anyone else in this world, she threw her own life
away as a stake and just ran straight ahead.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
There is suspicious activity in the Second Knight Order. I received that
information from Theo, and I had returned to the vicinity of the royal
capital.

In this country, the Royal Knights protect the royal palace where the
royal family resides, and the First Knight Order guards the area around
the royal castle and the royal capital, centering on them.

The Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Knight Orders are in charge of
guarding the royal capital and its surroundings, but while the Third
Knight Order and onwards are organized with consideration for
dispatching to the provinces in case of emergency, the Second Knight
Order has a strong aspect of being "guards" who maintain security in the
royal capital, and for that reason, they are sometimes looked down upon
compared to the other Knight Orders.

Of course, being a guard is an important mission, and many knights are
proud of being in a position that is most trusted by the residents, but
it is also true that there are knights who do not like that.

<br />
The Melrose family, who are the margraves of the south, have a powerful
navy, and the Dandorl family, who are the margraves of the north, have
over two thousand knights to prepare for invasions and monsters from the
north.

Among the Second Knight Order, who are sometimes looked down upon
compared to them, there are potentially "twisted" knights who were
swayed by the nobles and attacked Elena, out of pride in protecting the
security of the royal capital and from the surrounding evaluations.

Even so, the majority of the knights are proudly guarding the royal
capital, but there are definitely some "knights who are dissatisfied
with the current situation."

But even knights with such dissatisfaction will not act on their own.
They are also knights of the kingdom and will not become rebels who draw
their bows against the country.

However, the story changes if there is someone who becomes a figurehead
to lead them.

<br />
I also tried to investigate a little, but I couldn't find anything more
than what the intelligence department had confirmed, even after
investigating for a few days.

Preparing weapons and equipment is natural for a knight. General
equipment is provided by the country, and if you want something more,
you have to suggest it to your superiors and be approved, or prepare it
yourself.

Each knight order is formed from three battalions. This time, the
equipment is being updated for one company of about two hundred people,
and it is seen as being with the consent of Prince Amol.

But where is the budget coming from?

<br />
It is known that the source of the budget is Count Stanley. Baron
Stanley, the Count's younger brother, is one of the battalion
commanders, and it is considered to be a personal donation to him, but
the Stanley family, which has few dependents, shouldn't have that much
funding.

But the problem is not the source of the funds, but their purpose. The
intelligence department has not yet grasped that information. Even so,
now that I'm away from Elena, there is a way to do it.

If I don't know, I can ask someone who does.

<br />
"Stop, woman."

"............"

Four men appeared before me as I walked through the town in the Stanley
County territory, which was only illuminated by starlight.

They are dressed as commoners living in the town and only carry daggers
for self-defense, but since I am also dressed as a "town girl" with my
hair down and wearing a dress, the disguise is crude.

"......What business do you have at this late hour?"

When I asked that, the man who spoke to me first distorted his face and
spat out the words.

"That's what we should be saying. What town girl would be walking alone
at this late hour? We know that you have been acting suspiciously in
this town for the past few days. Tell us who you are working for."

"............"

I had been investigating the suspicious flow of funds and
foreign-capital trading companies in this town, but it seems that it had
been discovered.

"Who are you? You don't look like guards."

"You don't need to know that. We are the ones asking the questions."

"What if I refuse?"

"......You foolish heretic, it was unfortunate that we were in this
place. Even if you are an intelligence knight, don't think that you can
escape from us with that level of fighting ability."

"......I see."

<br />
I understand now. At the very least, they are not town guards, but
belong to an organization that was dispatched from somewhere and would
be troubled if investigated by intelligence.

From the content of the conversation, are they members of the Holy
Church? They are hiding their identities, but judging from the
construction of the daggers and their fighting ability, I can assume
that they are Temple Knights.

The source of the funds is the Holy Church... I have destroyed the
trading companies that have been the source of funds for the noble
faction in this area, so I understand that the "Saint" behind the Second
Knight Order and Prince Amol has finally begun to move.

<br />
"Do you understand, heretic? If you honestly tell us everything, we will
send you to God's presence without suffering."

"......Is there no mercy?"

"......You don't need to know that."

"I see......"

I judge that it is impossible to extract any more information through
conversation.

It is difficult to extract information from members of the Holy Church.
More than that, I felt a strange sense of unease that was different from
normal from the other three men who remained silent, apart from the man
I was currently talking to.

I've gone to the trouble of using magic to deceive them in various ways,
but...

"Then... I guess it's okay now."

"What!?"

When I released the appearance and fighting ability that I had been
concealing with \[Illusion\], the Temple Knight's eyes widened for a
moment.

"I'm going to force you to tell me what's going on."

"......You...! The 'Cinder Princess'!"

As expected, they noticed once I showed my fighting ability.

<br />
"――Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

At that moment, one of the men let out a beast-like roar, drew his
sword, and lunged. While dodging the blade that aimed for my neck with a
crude movement reminiscent of a beast, but still with the accurate
trajectory of training, I kicked up the elbow joint holding the dagger
with the blade of my toe.

"Gyaaaaaaaaaaa!"

"Ugoaaaaaa!!"

Overlapping the man's scream, another big man attacked with a strange
cry.

That man's movements and actions were also inconsistent. Accurate
swordsmanship ingrained in his body through training. But the person
wielding it is acting in a way that I can't believe is sane.

"Surround her!"

The first man raised his voice to the men who were attacking separately,
but the big man swung his dagger as if he hadn't heard it, and while I
slipped the knife along that blade, I slashed the big man's defenseless
neck.

The knife that the big man released before he fell, while momentarily
regaining his sanity, pierced the forehead of the man behind him at the
same time as the big man collapsed.

<br />
"You......!"

One man was incapacitated in an instant, and the other two were also
slashed to death. As I turned the blood-stained knife towards them, the
first Temple Knight's eyes wavered slightly.

"――tsu!"

At that moment, I turned around at the same time as a faint shadow
passed through his eyes, and while dodging the blade that jumped into my
face, I slashed the neck of the man I had just killed.

<br />
"......What does this mean?"

"I told you, Cinder Princess... It was 'unfortunate' that we were here."

The man said that while distorting his face, not with superiority.

Before my eyes, the man who had been pierced through the forehead and
died, and the man who I had killed twice, slowly stood up, and another
man also regenerated his arm wound and once again readied his weapon,
letting out a beast-like groan.

"......Undead?"

I have seen that phenomenon before. But when the first man heard my
murmur, his eyes widened and he revealed his anger.

"Don't associate these people with the unclean! These people have
devoted themselves to God, and have been granted great power by that
person with the power of spirits!"

<br />
Not undead? Granted "power"? Does that mean this is a \[Blessing\]?

What is the point of becoming undead, even at the cost of intelligence?
That is even more degraded than the zombies created by demons.

The man who revealed his anger probably understands that as well. Even
if they devoted themselves to God, what they are doing should be against
God's teachings.

They themselves despise that power. Even so, the reason they accepted it
is... Is the Saint's power the cause?

The power of immortality... If that's true, even just two hundred people
would be a problem. But...

<br />
As I slowly held up the black knife and dagger, the Temple Knights
gripped their weapons while groaning like beasts.

"It's useless! We are empowered by the spirit--"

"――\[Dancing Reaper\]――"

<br />
I activate the \[Combat Skill\] towards the three undead, interrupting
the man's cry.

A furious eight-hit combo unleashed from the left and right. But this
isn't to slash the "enemy." It's just to return the "thing" that
imitates a human in front of me to a "person"――My blade, unleashed only
to destroy, severed the heads of the undead, split their skulls, and
split their hearts, dissecting the vital points of the undead.

"――The power of the spirits..."

"Doesn't matter."

<br />
I have killed many so-called undead before. Among them, no one was truly
immortal in the true sense of the word.

When the dissected flesh disappeared, leaving only the heart, and that
heart also disappeared, leaving only a magic stone, the remaining Temple
Knight knelt on the ground with an astonished face, and I coldly looked
down at him, pointing the tip of my dagger to break his spirit.

<br />
"Rest assured... there is no such thing as complete immortality that
defies God."




---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0002.md)

