[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0008.md)



# 235 Distorted Holy War 2

The moment Kirkland was certain of victory—a girl appeared, as if
tearing through the darkness with a "voice," and brought down a black
blade.

(What!?)

Where did she come from? No, once you realize her identity, you can only
accept any absurdity.

Kirkland knew about her too. He had even seen her from afar. Her Royal
Highness's hidden blade. Rank 5 adventurer. And... anyone in this
country who knew even a little about the underworld knew about her.

<br />
"Cinder Princess"—.

The dragon-slaying girl who single-handedly rescued the Princess from
the hands of the demons, having turned the assassin's guild and the
thief's guild into enemies and destroyed many of their branches.

To antagonize her is synonymous with "death," the strongest assassin...

<br />
It was because she went missing that the Second Knight Order moved. Many
thought that the Cinder Princess could not die easily, but they were
intoxicated by the "immortality" bestowed upon her, and did not consider
it a true threat.

Kirkland was one of them. Because she looked like a graceful and
beautiful girl, he and many knights misjudged her, despite knowing her
reputation. And, due to Prince Amor's confident words and actions,
Kirkland himself came to think so by gaining a part of her power.

With this power, we can't lose. Two hundred is too small a number for a
knight order going to the battlefield, but it's a good number for
conducting a surprise attack.

Especially in urban warfare, thousands of people cannot move at once
like on a large battlefield. Only a few dozen people cross spears at a
time. In that scale of combat, individual fighting ability is
prioritized over the size of the army, and without exhaustion or
attrition, we, who can continue to fight forever with only a small
amount of food and spare weapons, are truly an invincible army.

<br />
However, Kirkland is also a knight of this country, and prides himself
on loving this country more than anyone else. Generally speaking, he
understood that what they were doing was an act of rebellion against the
country. Even if he felt frustrated with the state of the nation,
Kirkland was not so childish as to not understand that it was not easy
to correct it politically.

But everything changed when the Second Knight Order began to associate
with Prince Amor, and they heard the "appearance" and "voice" of the
Saintess who visited the Second Knight Order's garrison through him.

By seeing her appearance and hearing her voice, Kirkland and the others
naturally harbored "goodwill" towards her existence.

If they harbored goodwill, they would believe her words. They would stop
doubting her words. And before they knew it, the hundreds of knights
stationed at the Second Knight Order's garrison, which Prince Amor was
involved with, had turned into devotees of Prince Amor and Saintess
Licia.

<br />
A "holy war" by only two hundred people had begun. If they could subdue
Dandorl and Melrose, the old regime... the old royal family that
controlled this country, this country would change greatly.

If those two houses did not move, the knight orders in the royal capital
other than the guards would not function properly, and the neutral
nobles in the royal capital would refrain from active intervention.

There was no way that they, who were doing "right" things, could lose.
The slight conflict that existed at first, by loving the "Saintess,"
they came to believe that it was right.

If there were any concerns, it was the intervention of the "Thorn Witch"
and the "Cinder Princess," who were called the strongest and worst, but
they came to believe without a doubt that they could win as long as
Prince Amor, who had gained true power through the Saintess, was there.

<br />
But, the "Cinder Princess" appeared. How did she notice? How did she
reach this place? He heard that the "Cinder Princess" was deeply
involved with the underworld. Even if she knew the route the Prime
Minister was taking this time from the head maid of the Princess in the
castle, how far did he think it was from there to here?

Kirkland felt a sense of crisis once again towards the "Cinder
Princess." This woman is dangerous. She will definitely be an obstacle
to Prince Amor and the Saintess-sama.

<br />
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Even while being bisected from the top of his head, Kirkland let out a
scream that could not be heard and swung his sword.

If you die too much, your will disappears. Without knowing that it was a
transformation from the living to the dead, Kirkland stood up with his
mental strength and unconsciously swung his sword against the "enemy"
who could become an obstacle to the "Saintess."

In response, the "Cinder Princess" narrowed her eyes slightly, and while
stepping in, plunged a dagger into his heart and tore his head apart
horizontally.

"Gu..."

Kirkland's consciousness disappeared, and in that moment, he questioned
himself whether he was really trying to do anything with "his own will,"
but he could not get an answer, and his consciousness disappeared into
eternal darkness.

<br />
In a moment of fierce attack, blood mist danced, and the light like
burnt iron disappeared from the girl's hair, which fluttered her cloak
as if to repel it, and her pinkish-gold hair shimmered in the moonlight.

The people of the Melrose family who were there—especially those who had
served the Melrose family for a long time—were captivated by the
brilliance like the "Moon Rose (Melrose)" and reminisced about the
nostalgic past.

<br />
"... Aria!!"

Mikhail's voice, who was the first to regain his senses, echoed, and the
others were brought back to reality by that voice, but the
girl—Aria—began to move on her own before Mikhail could move.

"Mikhail, not yet."

There are still two undead there. The knight had already lost his human
will because he had died too much, but even so, he recognized Aria as
his enemy and attacked her.

But, too slow—.

Slash! Before the knight's attack could reach its fastest speed from the
start, Aria's feet, stepping out with a blurring speed, gouged the
ground and slashed his neck, stabbing the bones of his neck joint.

Even if he could use his original skills and was capable of a certain
degree of independent action, his ability to act would be reduced if his
head, the command system, was severed.

Aria, who had also decapitated and neutralized the last one, said, "I'll
leave the rest to you," to the knights of the Melrose family, who were
stunned by her overwhelming fighting ability, and headed towards Count
Melrose, who was beside Mikhail.

<br />
"Prime Minister, are you aware of the situation?"

"Ah, yes..."

Bertolt felt a slight pain, not from Aria's dashing appearance and
annihilation of the undead enemies, but from the fact that she spoke to
him as "an adventurer hired by the royal family" rather than as his
"granddaughter."

But even so, Bertolt was a "noble" who protected the people of this
country, and he did not show that pain on his face and faced Aria.

"I am aware that Prince Amor has rebelled. I did not expect his actions
to be so quick, but presumably Dandorl is also under attack in the same
way."

"The castle has been notified, but..."

Aria began her report as a party concerned without changing her
expression, as if she had not noticed Bertolt's expression.

When he learned that Dandorl's General Commander had led his forces to
the mansion, and that the Rainbow Sword and Karla had headed there,
Bertolt felt a tinge of anxiety that the "Thorn Witch" had headed there,
but still showed a look of relief as Prime Minister.

"If there is long-range communication from the castle, Dandorl will have
the Rainbow Sword and the local knights supporting them."

"I think it would be best for you to return to the castle, Prime
Minister, but what will you do?"

"..."

Not Bertolt, but Mikhail, who was standing by his side, gasped slightly
at Aria's words.

Kirkland was the only one who discovered Bertolt and the others, but the
attack team could not have been just them. If Bertolt returns to the
castle, Aria will inevitably be assigned to escort him.

If he acts as Prime Minister, it is best to return to the castle. It
will also thwart the plans of Amor and the aristocratic faction who
incite them. But in that case, he would be cutting off Bertolt's wife
and those who have served the Melrose family so far, and his name as
Count would be tarnished. Mikhail was also refraining from speaking
because he understood that it was not easy to make a decision.

Count Dandorl was also forced to make a similar choice, and returned to
the mansion to protect his pride and his house. In their case, their
position was closer to that of a knight, and the act of allowing an
attack itself would be fatal.

Even if it was not the best thing to do as the supreme commander of the
national knights, it was also necessary as a Count who controlled many
dependents.

<br />
"... I'm going to the mansion. If you're going to notify the castle,
that's closer. We will obtain His Majesty's permission and wait for the
arrival of the knights. Aria..."

Bertolt made the same decision as Dandorl, and rather than a political
settlement, he hoped to gain a stronger weakness against Prince Amor,
the Saintess faction, and the aristocratic faction by directly defeating
Prince Amor's forces. Even if that was not his true intention, his
position as Prime Minister required such a "reason."

But there is something necessary for that.

"As Count Melrose, I ask Aria for a favor. Please lend me your hand."

"Of course."

<br />
Bertolt chose to send his granddaughter to a place where she might die,
as "Prime Minister," and Aria accepted her grandfather's request as an
"adventurer."

"..."

Mikhail doesn't know the relationship between the two. He doesn't even
know about his relationship with Aria. He just wanted to be by her
side... that's what he thought.

But even so, he had felt something in common since the first time they
met. Perhaps his grandfather knows something. Aria is also aware of it.
But the two of them didn't say anything, and Mikhail lowered his eyes
slightly at the unnatural and awkward two people.

Aria used \[High Heal\] on the knight who was receiving healing magic,
instructed everyone to ride on horseback, and took the lead on foot.

""...""

The knights who knew the "old days," the older ones, straightened their
posture as if they were treating a member of the "master's family."

<br />
"I'll lead the way. Follow me."

Aria, who started running at a speed comparable to that of a horse while
on foot, made the Melrose people hurry to run their horses.

"..."

Bertolt superimposed the image of his daughter from the past on the fact
that he had involved his granddaughter in a fate where she might die,
and on Aria who had rushed to the aid of Melrose's crisis, and continued
to stare at Aria's small back and swaying pinkish-gold hair running in
the darkness from the carriage window with a complicated expression.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"Everyone, don't stop! Break through!!"

<br />
Around the time Aria joined Melrose, the group led by Dandorl, the
Supreme Commander of the Knights, heading to the mansion in the
outskirts of the royal capital, unfortunately encountered the Second
Knight Order.

The knights of the First Knight Order led by Count Dandorl had a little
over fifty riders, and if they fought properly, they should have been
able to fight even twice the number, but because their enemies were
"undead," the knights of the First Knight Order were gradually defeated
and their numbers were reduced.

In response, the Supreme Commander of the Knights, who had already been
informed of the enemy's identity, chose to retreat immediately in order
to join the Dandorl Knights in the mansion rather than engage in battle.

<br />
Even if the enemies are undead, they have a chance of winning if they
can hold the castle. The main force of the First Knight Order, which
could not be moved due to the eyes of the aristocratic faction, had
already been prepared for departure by the adjutant towards Dandorl and
Melrose.

But even that was not possible unless the Supreme Commander of the
Knights arrived at the mansion and caught evidence of the rebellion to
make contact.

It can only be said that they were really unlucky. And what was even
more unlucky was—

<br />
"Hahaha! The end has finally come, Dandorl!"

There was a figure who seemed to be Prince Amor among the attackers.

It's uncertain information, but he heard that Amor has the power to
create the undead. With Amor's presence, the undead were further
activated, and Dandorl was suffering in vain losses.

<br />
"Why are you doing this!?"

"It is necessary for the rebirth of this country! I can do it now!"

When the Supreme Commander of the Knights shouted at the Second Knight
Order that had caught up, a figure in a coat at the head of the Second
Knight Order replied.

From the voice, the Supreme Commander of the Knights was convinced that
the person in the coat was Prince Amor, but why was he hiding his "face"
after coming this far?

"Nonsense... Are you out of your mind, Amor!!"

"That's disrespectful, Dandorl! I am the one who will be the consort of
the Queen !"

"Queen!? Consort!? Have you really gone mad!?"

<br />
Dandorl, the Supreme Commander of the Knights, knows Amor's true
intentions. His goal was not to make the Crown Prince the king, but to
become one of the consorts of the de facto "Queen," with him as a
puppet.

It is not known whether this is due to his delusional delusion or the
true intentions of the Crown Prince faction. But, the Supreme Commander
of the Knights intuitively understood who the person who would become
the Queen was.

Probably, that suspicious woman—the "Saintess."

<br />
"Come, it's about time to finish this! Perish, Dandorl! Relic of the old
generation!"

"Kuh!"

If Amor is speaking seriously, this attack will not only stay in Dandorl
and Melrose, but will also harm the royal family.

An enormous amount of mana overflowed from Amor, who had fallen into
madness, enough to be felt even by the distant Supreme Commander of the
Knights, and just as he was about to release something—

<br />
Boom!!

<br />
Flames rose up around Amor as if swirling.

Several knights were caught in the flames, and the spreading flames
scorched the night sky, and the horses on Dandorl's side stopped neighing
and trembling, and a "girl's" voice spilled from the night sky.

<br />
"Oh my, am I the first one?"

<br />
A girl with skin like white wax and billowing jet-black hair spoke into
the flames, and Amor, whose right half of his body had turned into
wriggling insects from the flames, grinned distortedly with only half of
his face left.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0008.md)

