[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0003.md)



# 230 Undead Army

After defeating the undead in the temple, the only temple knight who
hadn't been undead-ified began to speak little by little, as if his
spirit had broken.

"...It's all due to the will of Saintess-sama and Prince Amor-dono."

<br />
According to him, Saintess Alicia, who calls herself "Licia," lamented
that demons had appeared in the kingdom because the kingdom was corrupt.
She said that in order to dispel the darkness of the kingdom and spread
the salvation of God, "Hero" Elvan, who had defeated the demons, needed
to unite the country as Crown Prince.

While the intentions of the Fandora Theocracy, where the main temple of
the Holy Church is located, are unclear, the Holy Church of the Cleydale
Kingdom seems to be aiming to make Licia the official "state religion
recognized by the Royal Family" by promoting her as a "Saintess."

...If she really is the "heroine" that woman thinks she is, there's a
possibility she could become one of the queens through the
recommendation of the Holy Church.

<br />
According to the temple knight, Saintess Licia hasn't done anything. She
simply made statements worrying about the future of the country, and
didn't incite them.

Whether the Holy Church truly believes she is a Saintess and is
promoting her as a queen for the sake of the country, or is promoting
her as a queen for the sake of the Holy Church, either way, her words
caused some of the temple knights who had interacted with her to begin
acting on their own.

However, they weren't the only ones who were moved by her words. Prince
Amor-dono, who is said to be on good terms with the Saintess along with
the Crown Prince, approached the temple knights who wanted to do
something for the Saintess but couldn't take practical action.

<br />
"Would you like to become warriors of God?"...he asked.

<br />
"You believed that?"

At my mutter, the knight, who had been kneeling with his head down,
suddenly looked up.

"We believed in Saintess-sama! There was power in her words. She
acknowledged us and showed us the path we should take. ...It's true that
we sometimes hear 'rumors' that don't seem like something a Saintess
would do. But we believed in Saintess-sama and accepted His Highness's
'power.' Even if we gradually lost our sanity because of it, we believed
that it would convey the righteousness of God to the people, we...
we..."

The knight, who had been preaching the righteousness of the Saintess
until then, confessed his feelings to me, an outsider, and suddenly his
eyes wavered.

"...Was it really right?"

"............"

<br />
Was their faith in God and their trust in the Saintess the same thing?
The blind faith-like light in his eyes, which had remained even when his
spirit was broken, began to fade.

Even with the power of "undeath" that didn't align with their faith,
they were able to believe in their actions as if it were a trial given
by God because they were intoxicated by the Saintess's and the Prince's
status, and above all, the superhuman invincibility of undeath.

But when they had "doubts" that their undeath was not invincibility, and
that they were not apostles fighting for God but simply undead defying
providence, it shook the "power" that made them believe in the Saintess.

<br />
"See for yourself and confirm it for yourself. Faith isn't something
that can be taught to you, right?"

"I see... that's right."

He muttered that as if thinking about something in response to my curt
words.

<br />
The temple knights' purpose was to believe in the Saintess's words,
condone Prince Amor's actions, and become his strength. However, they
weren't told what Prince Amor's goal was, whether it was to "support
Elvan as Crown Prince" or what he would do with the undead knights.

Even if it's just a few people, it's difficult for me to deal with
hundreds of undead. But if their trust in the Saintess wavers like this,
her charm-like power will waver, and they'll be able to think for
themselves.

Even if I told Rockwell's father, the Knight Commander, about the
situation and had him take action, it would only make the commotion
bigger. As long as I don't know if that would benefit Elena, I want to
crush it in secret if possible.

If they can gain the reason to question its success or failure by having
doubts like him... but--

<br />
"...Gu, gah."

At that moment, he suddenly began to suffer.

"What's wrong?"

"I don't know... no, that's not it... this is!"

"--!"

His eyes, which had regained reason, began to change, not just in a
delusional way, but as if he had fundamentally become something other
than human. This is--

"...Undead-ification, huh."

I don't know the reason. But it seems he had also received the
undead-ification procedure, and he had been suppressing it due to reason
or something, but it was now beginning to erode him.

What is the reason for that?

"Is it because he was released from the Saintess's curse...?"

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"

The temple knight let out a beast-like scream, and still used the
trained swordsmanship he possessed, swinging his sword in a flowing iai
stance.

\*Clang!!\*

"...Sleep now."

I used a hidden weapon I took out of 【Shadow Storage】 to block his
sword, and then swung the black knife held in my reverse grip and cut
off his head. But at that moment--

"!"

His head flew into the air, and at the moment I was about to cut his
heart in two to finish him off, something like a "worm" jumped out of
the wound as if to escape the blade.

I also immediately retreated while slashing with my knife.

What is this? Could this be... the true nature of "undeath"?

"...Is this your method?"

The threadworm-like object that fell to the ground wriggled as if
searching for something, and soon stopped moving as if it had dried up.
The temple knight's body, from which the worm was gone, vanished,
leaving behind a mana stone.

<br />
The ability to control corpses with a worm user... if that's Amor's
【Gift】, then this isn't undeath, it's just being controlled in a dead
body while still conscious. The regenerative power itself is probably
just being repaired by the worm.

The reason why he's conscious is probably because he had resistance to
the worm due to his constitution. It can also be thought that something
he was suppressing with his willpower was no longer able to be
suppressed because his spirit was broken, but the timing was too abrupt.

The reason why he suddenly became like that is... it wouldn't be
surprising if Saintess Licia, Prince Amor, or the demon that is thought
to still exist, had set it up that way.

The Saintess erodes the mind, the Prince gives strange power, and the
demon doesn't allow betrayal and turns them into death soldiers.

This is no longer a normal battle. I don't know how many people have
received Amor's power, but if a demon is also involved, then killing
Amor alone won't save them anymore.

I offered a silent prayer for the souls of those I killed for a moment,
put on my cloak, and quietly left the city.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"This battle will determine the future of this country! Those without
hearts may call us evil. But as those who truly care about the Cleydale
Kingdom, true justice and the will of God are with us!"

"Oooooooooh!!"

<br />
Dozens of knights from the Second Knight Order raised their voices at
Prince Amor's speech. --However, there were nearly two hundred knights
present, and most of them stood there expressionlessly like dolls.

The knights who raised their voices were more terrified of the changes
in their comrades, with whom they had shared meals and slept together,
than exhilarated by the thought of changing the country from now on.
They raised their fists as if trying to deceive themselves, fearing that
they would become like that someday.

Their comrades who had become like dolls would listen to the orders of
those who were still conscious. The fact was so terrifying that they
wanted to run away, but they had no choice but to believe Prince Amor's
words that he would return them to normal once things were over, both
those who had undergone the procedure and themselves.

<br />
The knights who desired power had something like a "seed" implanted in
them by Amor himself. From that day on, they gradually began to
experience chills throughout their bodies. Lowered body temperature.
Decreased sweating and physiological phenomena. But conversely, their
physical abilities improved, and the knights were terrified by the fact
that only their appetite was abnormally stimulated.

The reason why they didn't rebel against Amor was partly because he was
a member of the royal family whom the knights should serve, but the
biggest reason was that they were "charmed" by Saintess Licia after
hearing her "voice" and seeing her "figure" directly when she visited to
offer comfort.

It was only "charm" -- not fascination.

If it were magic or supernatural mental control, they should have been
able to repel it with their mental strength, or at least feel a sense of
discomfort even if they couldn't. However, the simple and indiscriminate
ability of "increased favorability" "misidentified" their feelings as
common emotions such as "friendship," "familial love," "desire to
protect," and "romantic love" unless they were hostile to her from the
beginning.

In the end, it was something they chose for themselves. That's why they
believed in the Saintess.

<br />
The knights raised their fists while shouting.

Some were stimulated by their honor as knights, some believed in the
Saintess because of their deep faith, some grasped their weapons because
of the rewards Amor promised, and others covered up their fear with
hatred for the other knight orders that despised them.

They had no choice but to believe. They had no choice but to move
forward, having taken their comrades and themselves hostage.

<br />
"From now on, we will divide the team into two and carry out
simultaneous attacks on two locations. The target points are--"

After hearing the words that followed, the members of the Second Knight
Order were shocked and at the same time convinced that there was truly
no turning back.

<br />
"We will attack the Dandorl family and Melrose family's mansions located
on the outskirts of the royal capital!"



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0003.md)

