[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0033.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0035.md)



# 294 Antagonism

"――Wyvern!"

It was one of the Temple Knights on lookout duty who noticed it.

The "Rainbow Sword" and the Temple Knights led by Vincent, who were
ordered to standby at the rear as non-combatants by the Hero Klein. The
Temple Knights, who were under orders from the Holy Church, were one
thing, but the "Rainbow Sword" had no obligation to obey. However,
Dalton and the others, knowing the threat of Attribute Dragons, sensed
Aria's intentions and decided to obey in order to avoid the unnecessary
death of the Temple Knights.

Of course, as high-ranking adventurers with ties to the Claydale Royal
Family, they also wanted to avoid antagonism with the Holy Church, but
the biggest reason was that they trusted Aria and Snow, the Claydale
Kingdom's greatest assets.

Even so, as adults, they still wanted to protect the girls, who were
barely adults, from politics. If a problem arose, they were determined
to intervene in the battle with the Fire Dragon, even if it meant
antagonizing the Holy Church.

At that moment, everyone's attention was momentarily drawn to the roar
of the "Dragon" beginning to fight in the distance. Then, Wyverns
suddenly burst out from the surrounding area.

<br />
"Uwaaaah!"

How could so many Wyverns be hiding in this rocky mountain? One of the
Wyverns, approaching at high speed, attacked the Temple Knight on
lookout duty. The Temple Knight screamed, but instinctively raised his
shield. But at that moment, an arrow flashed over his head.

"Gugaaaaaaah!?"

The arrow struck the Wyvern's eye without fail, and the attacked Wyvern
hurriedly flew away into the sky.

<br />
"Dalton!"

Miranda, who was the first to notice it and fired the arrow, called out.
Dalton, who understood instantly, stepped forward with his shield and
axe.

"Sir Vincent! Those who are isolated will be targeted!"

"I'm sorry! Everyone, stay close together and prepare for attacks from
above!"

Vincent, who had been stunned by the surprise attack, also gave
instructions to his men while raising his shield at Dalton's voice.

<br />
Normally, it would be the scout's job to detect the enemy's attacks, but
the response was delayed because Aria, who would have done that, was not
there. Even so, Miranda, a Forest Elf with a hundred years of experience
and a ranger as well, was able to deal with the situation without being
caught off guard.

Wyverns are formidable rank 4 enemies, but even without mages and
scouts, they can handle about five of them.

<br />
"They're coming from the front too!"

But then, four more Wyverns were approaching from the rocky mountain
where the heroes had gone.

Even though they are considered sub dragons, Wyverns are monsters, not
mythical beasts, and their intelligence is not as high as that of true
dragons. Therefore, they did not think that they would take actions such
as "hiding in groups," which led to their carelessness.

No, the one to be feared was the Attribute Dragon, which perfectly
controlled the low-intelligence sub dragons. They did not know what
happened on the rocky mountain, but at least the Fire Dragon regarded
the humans who visited this place as enemies.

<br />
"Jesha, protect Mira! Feld and I will beat down anyone who comes down!"

"Oooooh!"

Now that the mage Snow was not there, the only ones who could defeat the
Wyverns in the sky was Miranda, an archer and Spirit Mage. The Temple
Knights could also use bows, but the possibility of penetrating the
thick hide was low, so Jesha, wielding a large shield, guarded Miranda,
who could be the target of a concentrated attack.

However, Wyverns cannot breathe flames like fire, and their attacks are
their giant claws and fangs, and the poisonous stinger at the tip of
their tails.

Therefore, in order to attack, the Wyverns must come down to the ground,
which was the opportunity for Dalton and the others to attack, but the
problem was their attack power.

Jesha, a Dwarf and a Rank 4 warrior, could withstand it. However, aside
from Vincent, who was Rank 4, the Temple Knights, who were Rank 3, could
be crushed even if they blocked with their shields.

<br />
Nine Wyverns circled in the sky, and swooped down on the Temple Knights,
looking for openings.

"--Slash--"

Feld made an instant decision. Seeing that, he leaped out, not thinking
about being attacked, and used a Combat Skill to cut off the Wyvern's
wings.

Combat Skills, which cause a slight rigidity after use, are difficult to
use in a melee. Aria, who often fought alone, only used Combat Skills
when she could definitely defeat the enemy, but Feld, like an
adventurer, trusted his comrades and tried to reduce the number of
enemies for sure by using Combat Skills.

Even so, if multiple Wyverns attacked at the same time, the people who
were on the defensive would be at a disadvantage.

<br />
"They're coming!"

"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

One of the Wyverns that had jumped in ignored the slight wounds and
swooped down, sweeping away one of the Temple Knights with its giant
tail.

As he flew through the air screaming, another Wyvern was about to claw
at him in mid-air, when --

<br />
"--Crossblade--"

<br />
A figure leaped in at high speed, slicing off the Wyvern's wings and
neck in mid-air.

That person was --

<br />
"Sir Neidhardt!"

At Vincent's cry, the swordsman Neidhardt, who had landed, frowned and
shook off the blood from his sword, pointing it at the Wyverns in the
sky.

"I came here for you incompetent fools! You should be grateful!"

It was an arrogant way of speaking, but his participation created a
chance for victory. But what happened to the battle with the Fire
Dragon, where Neidhardt should have been?

"He's an irritating guy, but a Hero wouldn't be outdone by a mere
dragon, would he? You'll hear the Fire Dragon's screams soon enough."

The Hero's party aren't exactly friends, but they trust each other's
abilities. As if to prove it, the Fire Dragon's scream could be heard
again from the rocky mountain.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"...Did I mishear? It sounded like you were going to fight me?"

<br />
The Hero Klein, who had suddenly regained his senses, smiled cheerfully
at us with eyes that were not smiling at all.

Who does he think he is, after doing all this?

<br />
"You said so."

"Heeh..."

A murderous pressure emanated from Klein, who was still smiling faintly.

The power of the "Hero," which we still could not measure... The injured
Fire Dragon, even on the ground, braced itself against the unpleasant
presence that filled the space.

"How did you get back to normal?"

"Can something perfectly bind a person's heart?"

At that question, Aria wiped the blood flowing from her forehead, which
she had struck and injured herself, with her thumb, and calmly held up
her knife and dagger. Klein's mouth twisted slightly.

<br />
...Only you could say that, Aria.

It looked like a technique that only loosened with pain, but we couldn't
avoid it, and we couldn't resist it. If that is the Spirit's "Blessing,"
then it's a terrifying technique that you can only escape by injuring
yourself until you understand how to deal with it.

But I saw it, you know? You were able to move because your face was
slapped by the whisker of the kitty that jumped out of the shadows,
right? There's no need to honestly tell him that, but wouldn't "Phantom
Pain" be enough to undo my curse?

<br />
"Well, it's true that it's harder to affect people whose hearts are less
likely to waver."

Klein said that with a wry smile, and then pointed his finger at us.

"That would be a problem."

"--!"

The last time, we were almost manipulated by that action alone, without
any warning. But this time, it's not that.

"Either way, some training is needed."

<br />
A strong light gathered at Klein's fingertips. It wasn't magic. If it
was the same Spirit-derived "Blessing" as the "Charm" and "Brainwashing"
from before, then this was "Restraint."

The Blessing of Darkness binds the mind, and the Blessing of Light binds
the body. If that's really a Blessing, then we'll be imprisoned again.

As I raised the aether in my body so that I could resist (resist)
immediately, Aria looked at me for a moment.

Ah... I see.

<br />
Thump!

"Have you given up, Aria!"

Klein scoffed at Aria, who jumped out towards him without avoiding it.
The moment the particles of light released from his fingertips enveloped
Aria --

"Gaaaaaaah!!"

The kitty, which jumped out of Aria's shadow, spewed out a huge amount
of dark aether like a breath towards the light.

"What!?"

Light and darkness opposed each other. The kitty had been wary of Klein
all along. Even when our minds were bound, it didn't show itself, and it
supported Aria with the minimum amount of effort.

The kitty hid its existence until the last moment when the Hero became
an enemy.

However, Klein, while surprised, immediately reached for his sword with
one hand.

The attack that defeated the Fire Dragon earlier could intercept the
kitty.

But you see --

<br />
"Tch--"

The sword was frozen as if it was bound to the scabbard. Klein... You're
being too careless. Taking your eyes off me.

The \[Ice Whip\], which had been sneaking up from directly below, froze
the sword, stopping its movement for a moment.

Just a moment... But that's enough, right? Aria.

<br />
"You!"

"Hah!"

At that moment, Aria, using the kitty's body as a stepping stone and
leaping over it, slashed at Klein's head with a knife, taking advantage
of a momentary opening.

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0033.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0035.md)

