[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0011.md)



# 238 Distorted Holy War 5

That woman had soft, brownish-blonde hair tied up, and was looking at me
with kind orange eyes.

If she were Mikhail's grandmother, she should be of a considerable age,
but perhaps because she was a high-ranking noble with high mana, her
appearance was only about forty years old, and her face... looked very
much like my deceased mother.

<br />
"...Oh, I'm sorry. Calling out the name of my deceased daughter, how
foolish of me."

"No..."

I didn't know how to respond to the woman who smiled sadly with a
troubled expression, so I shook my head slightly, and a strange
atmosphere hung between us.

"...Cecilia. Are you alright?"

As if sensing that atmosphere, the Margrave spoke with concern, and the
woman called Cecilia lowered her head to the Margrave with a startled
look.

"Lord Belt... I am sorry."

"No... it is enough if you all are safe."

Saying that, the two embraced as if confirming each other's safety, and
then immediately showed the faces of upper-class nobles rather than
husband and wife.

"I want to hear the story for now. Tell me what has happened so far."

"Understood, Lord Belt."

"Mikhail! Lead the people of the mansion and deal with the enemy! I will
report to His Majesty with the long-distance communication magic tool!"

"Yes!"

Mikhail was tense at the Margrave's command... and yet he seemed to
sense something, giving his grandparents and me a momentary glance of
concern before rushing off towards the castle walls. The Margrave,
having seen off his grandson, turned back towards me, his face slightly
bitter.

"...Aria. Please help Mikhail."

"Yes."

<br />
The Margrave gave instructions to me as well, and Cecilia, who had
started walking towards the mansion with Belt, sent Mikhail off with a
worried look, then turned back to look at me several times as if
reluctant to leave.

<br />
"............"

That person is my mother...? But there's no time to think about that
now.

I saw off the two who might be my "relatives" as they entered the
mansion, and chased after the other one... the one who might also be a
relative, as he headed towards the castle walls.

But, there—

"—【Mana Shield】—!"

\*Crashing sound!\*

I instinctively deflected the mana attack launched at Mikhail with
【Mana Shield】, but the 【Mana Shield】 shattered with a phantasmal
sound like glass breaking due to the unexpected high power, and Mikhail,
who had been protected, widened his eyes.

"Aria!"

"I'm fine."

Was that attack an attack magic? But it wasn't an attribute magic, it
was unattribute aether. Even so, it's different from combat skill.

<br />
'You fool, you've come to interfere in such a place, you adventurer
woman!'

<br />
A group different from the unit attacking here now appeared, and a
cloaked man riding a horse at the head of the group shouted that. I
can't see his face. But, this voice is...

"...Amol, is it?"

Prince Amol. No, he should be the former Prince Amol now that the
Margrave has reached this place.

Amol, who was attacking from the rear, has reached here. If our arrival
had been delayed even a little, we might have run into them.

Amol caught sight of me standing on the castle walls, and jumped out
alone from the group, flying into the air with his horse as if jumping
over the unit that had been attacking earlier.

Amol's horse has been enhanced...

<br />
"I will not forgive you! I will not forgive only you!"

"Try and show me."

To intercept Amol, I also jumped off the castle walls and flew into the
air.

"！？”

Amol's left arm extended as if to catch me off guard. A moment of
chills. With a bad feeling, I didn't receive it, but kicked the air to
change my position, struck that arm with the pendulum-shaped weight, and
aimed at Amol's neck with the general-purpose type.

\*Clang!\*

Amol's right-hand sword knocked down the pendulum. Amol, who had his
extended arm struck, lost his balance along with his horse, but even as
he fell, he began accumulating unattribute aether in his returned left
arm.

The mana attack from earlier!

<br />
"—【Critical Edge】—"

<br />
My combat skill, the flash of 【Critical Edge】, cut through the aether
of the shockwave and attacked Amol. But Amol forcefully pulled on the
reins with his arm strength alone, used his horse as a shield to get
through the combat skill, and fell to the ground as is.

I failed to finish him off. I instantly switched my awareness, and while
running sideways across the wall using the blade-sickle type pendulum
that I had hooked on the castle walls as a base, I launched the
pendulum-shaped weight to shatter the ladders of the knights who were
trying to climb the wall.

The knights whose wills had been extinguished couldn't move on the spur
of the moment without a direct attack on themselves, and fell to the
ground from the shattered ladders without being able to put up any
decent resistance.

"You, how dare you, to His Highness!"

But, an aware knight mixed among them swung his spear at me, who had
dropped Amol, from atop the ladder.

"—【Pain】—"

"Giga!?"

If they're conscious, 【Pain】 will work.

While kicking away the screaming knight, I snatched the spear from his
hand, stabbed it directly into the heart of a nearby knight, shattered
all the surrounding ladders, and then ran back up to the top of the
castle walls like a pendulum.

<br />
Oooooooh――……

The soldiers of Melrose involuntarily let out a voice at me, who had
crushed the enemy general and siege means in just a few seconds of
offense and defense. But, it's not over yet.

<br />
"Damn youuuuuuuu!! Adventurer womaaaaaan!!"

Amol, who had been dropped to the ground, echoed with voices of
resentment. It seems he has a grudge against me for some reason, but
it's just what I want if the attacks are concentrated on me.

Even so, to fall to the ground with his horse and not be injured, he has
indeed become an undead. More than that, I frowned at the "face" peeking
out from the torn hood.

"Did you give up on being human, too?"

"That's insolent! I have transcended fragile humanity!!"

Amol's head had become a writhing mass of tiny insects on the left half.
That is... the guy who was among the undead. His left arm is probably
the same. I don't know what would have happened if I had been hit by
Amol's attack back then.

I had a vague feeling ever since they started creating undead, but it
seems he really did give up on being human.

<br />
He was an emotional man from the start, but I can only feel madness in
Amol's eyes now.

Judging from the feeling I got from our brief exchange, Amol's current
physical abilities would allow him to cross the castle walls alone and
wreak havoc.

What is the reason he didn't do that? Is it to use the people in the
mansion as bait to lure the Margrave, or has that transformation and
madness degraded his intelligence?

Or, is there another big reason...?

<br />
"Men, begin the attack! Drag that woman down from there!!"

『Oooooooooooooooooo!!』

The undead of the Second Knight Order raised their voices at Amol's cry.
But as I thought, Amol didn't move himself and left the castle attack to
his subordinates.

<br />
Should I strike out immediately? If I defeat Amol, the undead will
probably stop moving as well. Still, I can't face a hundred undead and
that Amol at the same time by myself.

There are people I should protect behind me. If I start a fight without
thinking, I'll be putting those people in danger.

There's a way to survive if I cooperate with the knights of Melrose, but
will they cooperate with me, an adventurer, even though I'm a Princess's
guard?

<br />
"Miss Layton!"

At that time, a guard knight who was attached to the Margrave appeared
and called out to me.

"The Margravine wishes to speak with you. Would you please come?"

"............"

Now that I've destroyed the siege ladders, there's some time. Still, if
I leave this place, I'll be in trouble in case of a sudden emergency.

"Aria, please go. Maybe... I think it's something necessary."

"Mikhail..."

Mikhail nodded quietly to me as I looked back at him. When I turned my
gaze to the surroundings, the knights and soldiers of Melrose also had a
bit of vitality return to their eyes, and nodded as if they knew
something.

"Please go. We will hold this place, we'll show you."

"...Understood."

<br />
I leave it to their pride and head to the mansion with the knight who
came to meet me.

The Melrose mansion, which I'm entering for the first time, felt dim, as
the light of the magic was kept to a minimum because it's currently in
battle.

"This way."

Guided by the knight, who treated me with a more courteous attitude than
he would to an ordinary adventurer for some reason, I proceeded through
the residence and was led to a place in the back.

It wasn't the Prime Minister's office or the reception room. If
anything, it seemed like a place used by family members, but as the
guiding knight left and I was left there, I looked around the room and
was captivated by the large "portrait" hanging on the wall.

This "woman" is...

<br />
"—That child is my daughter, who left home more than fifteen years ago."

Cecilia's voice could be heard from the entrance. I had noticed that she
had entered the room, but I couldn't take my eyes off that portrait.

A woman with "pinkish blonde hair" lightly tied up. That person was... a
little younger than my memory, a little older than I am now, and looking
at me kindly.

"...Mikhail also liked this picture. When he was little, if he couldn't
see her, he would always stare at this picture."

Just like me now...

Cecilia came next to me, who wasn't replying, and looked up at the
picture together.

"The women of Melrose, Lord Belt's older sister and aunts, were all
strong people. They led everyone and gave them hope... they were those
kinds of people."

Cecilia begins to speak in a slow voice, as if reminiscing about the
past.

"I liked the free way of life of those people, which I couldn't do.
That's why this child also easily abandoned her status and position and
flew away in order to fulfill her own desires. That child also had free
"silver wings"."

<br />
A free way of life. Some people criticize it, but she taught me that it
wasn't just selfishness, but always for the sake of someone.

...My mother, even though she was one of the candidates for the Queen,
stepped down for the sake of her friend who would become the Queen and
descended into the city, marrying my father, with whom she shared her
heart.

<br />
"A while ago, there was a story that this child's daughter, who had been
missing, had been found. But, I couldn't think of that child as my
granddaughter..."

"...Why?"

When I finally managed to speak, there was a silence as if time had
stopped for a moment.

"...Well. I didn't feel a "connection". Is that a vague reason? More
than that, that child wasn't like "Melrose". And that child, and Lord
Belt's older sister, all had very beautiful pink hair. The same color as
the "Moon Rose"... and you too."

"............"

When I turned around at those words, Cecilia looked at me with tearful
eyes as if enduring something... and gently, she embraced me.

"I am..."

"You don't have to say anything. Lord Belt was also saying that you are
already a person with your own thoughts. If we try to restrain you, you
will fly away and disappear..."

"............"

<br />
Margrave Melrose. I learned for the first time that even that person,
who had been drawing a line between us all along, was looking at me with
such thoughts.

I sought freedom in order to escape from the "fate (game)" that that
woman sought. I sought power for freedom, and obtained the power to
resist "fate".

Fate has begun to change. There are no longer shackles here that would
bind me.

I might not have to pretend anymore. But... even so.

I still have an opponent to fight.

There's an opponent I have to settle things with.

There are people I've decided to protect.

<br />
"...Ah."

Cecilia let out a small voice as I touched her thin shoulders and moved
away from her.

I took out the amulet bag that had been given to me by my mother from my
chest, took Cecilia's hand, and gently made her grasp it.

"Not yet..."

"Yes..."

"Someday, surely..."

"Yes."

She—"Grandmother"—quietly nodded and strongly gripped my hand back at my
clumsy words that couldn't convey my feelings.

"...I'm going."

I let go of that warm... the same kind hand as my mother's, and turned
my back to her to head to the battlefield, and a small voice placed on
that back reached me.

<br />
"Take care. ...Alicia."

<br />
When I finished talking with Cecilia and went outside from the entrance,
the knights and soldiers who had been in the mansion greeted me there,
and knelt on the spot.

What are these people doing...? Before I could ask that, Mikhail
appeared from among them, and he reflected me in his eyes with a
different "understanding" than before.

<br />
"Aria. It's a formal command from the Margrave. The First Knight Order
has already departed from the Royal Capital under the orders of His
Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess. We will hold this
place until their arrival, but... after all that's happened, we can't
end things like this."

There are already quite a few casualties on the Melrose side as well. I
could see the anger in the eyes of the knights and Mikhail as well.

"Everyone here will follow the instructions of the person with the most
power in this place, you. ...Will you do it?"

"Understood."

That's what I intended from the start. I nodded back to Mikhail without
hesitation and started walking, and the knights and soldiers opened a
path and followed after me.

<br />
"We will defeat the rebel Amol and his army!"

"“Yes!!"”

<br />
I could feel a spirit like enthusiasm, not just for a temporary
commander, in the voices of those who replied to my words.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0011.md)

