[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0010.md)



# 269 Chimera

"......Chimera......"

<br />
......I never thought such a being could actually exist.

"Do you know about it?"

"Sort of......"

Overall combat power exceeding 7000...... It's not normal. As expected
of Aria, she doesn't take her eyes off the Chimera, and the Kitty is on
guard, growling.

"I've only read about it in documents......"

<br />
In the Leicester family's library...... Not a forbidden book, but it was
written in some documents close to it.

An unnatural creature. Not a monster that transformed from an animal,
nor a mythical beast species born as a powerful existence from the
beginning. A guardian of treasure nesting in ruins. A legendary
existence rarer than even the dragon species, which can only be seen in
those situations.

Because of that, it is written in general books that it is a magical
creature created with magic by the ancient elves who gave magic to the
human race...... But in books closer to forbidden books, something
different was written.

<br />
Why isn't that fact generally known?

If you think about it, it's obvious......

Human cities are built around "dungeons" to seal dangers and to obtain
their blessings. What would happen if the will of that dungeon, the
spirits that should give blessings, were known to create the greatest
dangers?

I thought it was just one hypothesis, but seeing the situation so far, I
became convinced that it was true.

The Chimera is born only from the dungeon.

<br />
Gigi......

The crushed metal door behind us is closing. That's because the Chimera,
the monster at the deepest part, recognized us.

"It doesn't look like the door will open again."

The door at the deepest part is there for the final confirmation. So
once you go through it, the door closes after a certain amount of time
and will not open until you defeat the monster. But if the door is in
this state, it's doubtful whether it will open even if you defeat the
monster.

If this happens, the only way to get out is for someone to gain the
protection of the spirits and open the exit door. But to reach the altar
in the back, it seems we have no choice but to defeat the Chimera.

<br />
"It's the same either way."

Aria, who had been wary of the appearance of a Rank 7, calmly began to
loosen her body, as if having resolved herself.

"You're right......"

I came here for my "wish". If it's not granted, all three of us may die
here. Even so, Aria says what we have to do is the "same"......

I will never give up. I will crush everything that stands in my way and
move forward.

Really, she's reliable.

<br />
"Are you ready?"

"Anytime."

"Gaa"

There's no preparation because it's the first time we've faced this
enemy. But we live our lives always preparing to fight. It's the same as
always.

"--Blessing--"

I boosted the defense of Aria and the Kitty, who started moving, and at
that moment, I pointed my finger at the Chimera from between the two who
split to the left and right.

"--Lightning--"

<br />
Lightning erupts from my fingertips along with a flash of light.

First, let's see how it goes. Honestly, the three of us alone exceed the
fighting power of the forces that participated in the large-scale island
dungeon.

But, the monster at the deepest part at that time was Rank 6. Aria has
defeated an attribute dragon that was Rank 7, but the situation and
fighting power are different from that time.

If there is a concern...... It's "me" myself.

<br />
"GigyAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"

Just before the lightning hit, the Chimera released mana along with a
roar to reduce its power, and used countless beast halves overflowing
from its body like arms to repel the lightning.

Troublesome. It has intelligence.

<br />
"Over here."

At that moment, Aria, who had approached, released multiple pendulums
and smashed the monkey's head and tore the deer's throat apart.

"Gigaaaaa!!"

But even if you crush one or two of the multiple heads, the Chimera
doesn't flinch. It immediately raises the wolf's upper body toward Aria
and slams down as if crushing an insect.

But--

"Gaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

With a moment's time difference, the Kitty slammed a powerful blow from
the opposite side.

Was that the \[Claw Strike\] combat skill?

The Chimera's body was greatly gouged out by the combat skill released
by a Rank 6 mythical beast. But in exchange, the Kitty, who had just
used the combat skill, could not defend against the Chimera's attack due
to the stiffness after the combat skill.

<br />
"--Critical Edge--"

The next moment, Aria, dodging the Chimera's attack with the Kitty's
blow, released a combat skill that pierced the Chimera from the opposite
side.

"Gugaaaaaa!!"

With that blow, the attack on the Kitty was deflected, and the Chimera
let out an angry roar.

This time Aria cannot move due to stiffness. At the same time, the mana
released from her whole body blew away the two who were approaching.
Both of them, who lost their balance, could not defend against the
attack.

<br />
"--Ice Storm--"

At the same time as the Chimera released mana, I fired off an ice storm.

\[Ice Storm\] has no speed. There is a risk of involving allies because
it is an area attack. That's why I was waiting for this timing.

The full-power \[Ice Storm\] with mana added to it attacks the
defenseless Chimera who had just released mana.

But--

<br />
"Nero, pull back!"

--Understood--

<br />
Aria and Nero take distance in that gap. I should have pursued the
attack, but Aria took distance without hesitation, and Nero immediately
followed.

"......It's really troublesome."

<br />
\[Chimera\] \[Race: monster\] \[monster Rank 7\]

\[Magic Value: 287/350\] \[HP Value: 976/1180\]

\[Overall Combat Power: 7306\]

<br />
Its HP hasn't decreased much. The last blow that Aria, the Kitty, and I
released each had enough power to kill a Rank 5 lower-level monster with
one blow.

Its physical strength is high, but more than that, the Chimera, which is
a fusion of multiple monsters, not only makes it difficult for physical
damage to pass through, but also avoids fatal wounds from all attacks
because it has multiple "eyes". The reason why its mana hasn't decreased
much may be because it's absorbing it from the dungeon itself, which is
dense with aether.

The reason why Aria is frowning even as she retreats is probably because
she also appraised it and had the same impression as me.

<br />
Aria's compatibility with the Chimera is the worst. It doesn't seem to
feel pain, and there are no clear vital points. Aria's weapons are too
small for the giant body that is as big as a two-story house......

It's similar for me. Only the surface froze even with the ice storm.
Small magic doesn't do much damage.

To defeat it, you need level 7 or higher magic.

There is a possibility if I use my blessing......

"Snow."

At that moment, Aria called my name as if she had read my mind.

......I know. We made a promise.

But......If you're going to die, I'll die instead.

<br />
Bakin!

"GigyAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"

The Chimera roars as if breaking the frozen skin.

It's already started moving.

Is it a battle of attrition......?

Aria is thinking the same thing, so she hasn't used Iron Rose or
Illusion Magic.

If high-level magic is impossible, we will act as decoys and inflict
small damage, and the Kitty will wear down the Chimera's HP.

Whether our mana runs out, or the Chimera's HP runs out.

We were about to start moving, thinking that, but we were made aware
that that idea was "naive".

There's no way a Rank 7 monster would be "normal".

<br />
"GigyAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"

Don!!

The Chimera, released from the freeze, suddenly shot out like an arrow.

The Chimera, which had not moved from its initial position until now,
uses dozens of monster legs to move at a speed exceeding that of a
beast.

<br />
"--Iron Rose......Reality Breaker--!"

It was Aria who was attacked.

Aria immediately used Illusion Magic to make herself incorporeal and
dodge the attack.

It's not just a beast. Beasts jump around using four legs. But the
Chimera, which has many legs, does not shake up and down, always kicking
the ground, and gaining terrifying speed.

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

"GigyAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!"

The Kitty immediately enters to support. But the Chimera confirms it
with the head in the back, and without changing its posture, it moves at
a right angle and blows the Kitty away.

"--Gaa"

Blood spurts out from the Kitty's whole body after being blown away.

Those are all the nearly ten jaws that were unleashed the moment they
collided.

If even fur with strength close to steel receives that much damage, then
if I or Aria were to take a direct hit, our entire bodies would be
gouged out and we would die instantly.

Like us, the Chimera was also observing to measure our fighting power.

<br />
"--Rock Blast--"

<br />
I stopped holding back and shot a barrage of exploding rock projectiles.

"!?"

At that moment, the rock broke the dungeon floor, and the Chimera's
giant body, dodging by jumping over it, attacked me.

"Gaaaaaa!!"

Don!!

The Kitty, who was still injured, tackled it from the side, and the
speed of the Chimera flying through the air dropped slightly.

The next moment, Aria, using Reality Breaker, grabbed me and moved away,
and at the same time, the Chimera's giant body collided with the place
where I had been, making a deafening roar.

<br />
"......You've got to be kidding me."

It's so absurd that I can only let out a dry laugh.

"Do you have any ideas?"

Aria, who released Reality Breaker, asked me that while holding me in
her arms.

"Well......"

If it's really hopeless, I'll use my blessing. But Aria hasn't given up
yet.

Aria never gives up on her own, no matter what kind of enemy she faces.

If I'm going to risk my life even if it means breaking my promise with
her......

<br />
"There's one thing I want to try."



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0010.md)

