[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0019.md)



# 246 Intentions Part 2

"Clara is..."

Elvan, who had just been thinking of her visit, slightly raised his
waist and murmured her name.

<br />
He had met her when they were children.

The girl, who was the niece of the Second Queen, was visiting the castle
as a playmate for his frail half-sister. Elvan's first impression of
her, a daughter of a high-ranking noble, was "scary girl."

Her eyes and words were strong, and she had the education and pride of a
high-ranking noble. Although she was polite to Elvan, who was a prince,
he felt uncomfortable because she seemed to be looking down on him.

Several years later, Clara, whom he met again, seemed to have a
misunderstanding with Elena and had a shadow like a different person
than before, but Elvan was slightly interested in such a "shadowy" her.

<br />
Clara, a daughter of a high-ranking noble and close in age, naturally
became Elvan's fianc√©e.

At that time, he was ordered by his father, His Majesty the King, to
conquer a large-scale dungeon. Normally, this would be done after
graduating from the academy, but this time it was done before entering
the academy. Elvan rode in the same carriage as Clara to the site to
dispel his anxiety, but Elvan was perplexed by her age-appropriate
"weakness."

Nobles grow quickly due to high mana, and their words and actions are
required to be appropriate. Therefore, high-ranking nobles grow their
minds commensurate with their appearance.

The weakness shown by the princess of the former royal family saved
Elvan the most.

For Elvan, who had been living separated from malice without malice from
his mother, who was a former viscount's daughter, it was painful to be
asked to speak and act as a crown prince, and he was forcing himself to
match his friends Mikhail and Rockwell.

Clara's weakness was closer to that of a commoner than a noble's
daughter, and by sympathizing with such weakness and caring for her,
Elvan was able to have the confidence to "protect someone" for the first
time.

Even if it was a relationship where the weak were licking each other's
wounds, Elvan was saved and came to think that he could spend his life
with Clara.

But... when did that collapse?

<br />
Alicia, daughter of Viscount Mercis. He met that girl when Elvan was in
his second year at the academy.

Her innocent words and actions were hardly those of a noble's daughter,
and the purer the noble, the more they frowned at her attitude, and she
stood out so much that she was noticeable.

The reason she stood out was also due to her appearance. Contrary to her
childlike figure like a commoner, she had a fascinating beauty that
caught the eye, and within a few months of entering the academy, she
began to cause problems with several male students.

She also began to show up in front of Elvan. Most of the encounters were
blocked by Mikhail and Rockwell, but Elvan, who had gained a little
confidence in the Clara case, thought that he could guide even someone
like her.

Was that a mistake...? He still doesn't know that even now.

<br />
The surrounding evaluation of Alicia Mercis was completely divided.

Like Mikhail and Rockwell, those who treated her as a suspicious person
approaching the crown prince and the daughters of middle-ranking nobles
or higher had a very low evaluation, but most of those who interacted
with her without any preconceived notions were naturally attracted to
her.

Elvan was no exception. He couldn't help but recognize the slight
confusion and the "shake of his heart" that was different from it, in
the pampering that seemed to "understand" his suffering and the words
that affirmed everything Elvan wanted to be recognized for.

He became estranged from his sister Elena, Mikhail, and Rockwell, who
criticized her and him, and began to act with her, whom he began to call
Licia, and Amor, and began to distance himself from Clara, whom he
wanted to protect.

At Licia's request, he received a blessing from the large-scale dungeon
owned by the royal family, and Amor and Nathaniel became devoted to her,
who became even more seductive.

Every time Elvan saw Licia, he felt as if his head was clouded and a
feeling of believing in her welled up. However, the \[Gift\] that Elvan
obtained and his feelings for Clara kept him from crossing the final
line.

<br />
"Clara..."

"Elvan-sama..."

Clara, whom he had met after a long absence, looked thinner than he
remembered, perhaps due to the hardships she had endured.

Even so, she looked more beautiful than before. Her strong eyes showed
not the "strength" as a noble's daughter that Elvan had disliked before,
but the shine while having the weakness that Elvan had sympathized with
at that time.

<br />
"Will you... listen to my story?"

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
(I wonder if Clara is okay...)

Rockwell, who had sent his sister to Elvan's place, left the Prince's
Palace without meeting his former friend.

Clara, who had previously distanced herself even from their family,
seemed to have regained her composure, perhaps because her feelings had
settled.

When he thought about it, their family had forced Clara to do the
impossible. The seat of the first princess, the first queen. His aunt,
who was originally the first queen, became the second queen, and his
father, who was her brother, and his mother, who was her friend, also
believed that it would be Clara's happiness for their daughter to become
the first queen.

But that was not the case. Clara wanted to be the first queen because
her family wanted her to be.

Dandorl asked Clara to be the first queen to save his sick aunt...

Because he understood that, the kind Clara had to want to become the
first queen.

<br />
Rockwell discussed with his parents and grandfather and decided to let
Clara do as she pleased.

As a result, even if Clara could no longer stay in this country, Dandorl
would do everything in his power to support them (her).

Of course, it was not just affection as a family. Dandorl, who had been
unable to give up on Clara becoming the first queen, had been reluctant
to assist the royal princess Elena, who was of the same bloodline, but
from now on, by fully supporting her, Dandorl's reputation would be
maintained.

"...Haa"

Rockwell couldn't help but sigh.

Elena becoming queen was not good news for Rockwell, who wanted her to
marry into the Dandorl family.

Rockwell is the heir to the Dandorl family. He has also been training to
become the commander-in-chief of the knights. There must be many
problems with Elena becoming queen and himself becoming her king
consort. Rumor has it that the third prince of the Khalfaan Empire is
also a candidate for king consort.

If his friend, who is smart and good at his head, can come up with a
good plan...

<br />
"Things are tough over there too... Good luck, Mikhail."

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"You, is that child really..."

Belt, who had returned to the royal castle with the elite of the First
Knight Order as escorts because it was necessary to clean up the mess,
immediately returned to Melrose's mansion, and at the content he was
told, Belt's wife opened her eyes wide and dropped the shawl she had on
her shoulders.

"Yes, Her Royal Highness the Princess told me directly."

While holding his wife's shoulders, Belt nodded quietly.

<br />
Alicia, the orphaned daughter of his youngest daughter. Unlike that
saint, whom he had to protect while doubting her, his real granddaughter
may be returning.

The fact that Belt, who is the prime minister, left a large amount of
cleanup to his attendant Oz and returned to the mansion first to tell
his wife, must have been quite upset, even though he was outwardly calm.

The servants around him, who were listening to the story, were also
happy as if it were their own, and some of the veterans were even in
tears. The rightful princess of the former royal family Melrose is
returning. It has been the long-cherished wish of the Melrose family for
more than a decade.

But among them, Mikhail, who was as upset as his grandfather and had
returned to the mansion in the same carriage as the princess's aide, was
standing in a daze in the corner of the hall.

<br />
"Aria is..."

From the first time he met her, he felt something close to her. He was
more convinced than surprised to hear that Aria was the daughter of his
aunt, whom he admired.

The Holy Church, the largest sect on this continent, does not recommend
marriage between cousins. However, it only does not recommend it, but it
does recognize it.

Even so, in order to prevent mistakes, there was a tacit understanding
among the nobles to refrain from doing so if they were in the same
family, even if they were cousins.

Rockwell, who is a cousin but has a different family name, can become
Elena's king consort without any problems, and if Aria enters the
Melrose family as Alicia, it will be difficult for her to be with
Mikhail.

"Even so..."

Mikhail is now an aide to the princess, and he understood that his plan
was effective in making Elena queen. To deny it would be to insult their
resolve.

"Even so..."

Mikhail's voice, muttering the same words as before with a different
meaning, drifted softly.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"Aria's coming back!? Why!?"

"Her Royal Highness the Princess and Prime Minister have already
approved it. Accept it."

"No way..."

Theo let out a pathetic voice when he heard the shocking truth from his
mother, Sera.

<br />
Theo used to be the bodyguard and combat butler of that saint, but
around the time the saint's words and actions started to become strange,
he was relieved of his duties by the Melrose family, who feared being
taken over, and now he was completely behind the scenes.

Theo's hope was to work as Her Royal Highness the Princess's combat
butler, just like Aria, but his hope was not fulfilled because the fact
that he could be seen would be an excuse for that girl, who has an
ability close to "charm," to approach him.

Even so, he was dreaming of being in the same place as Aria, and he was
even working as a liaison with Aria, who had started acting alone, but
when he heard about Aria's origins, who he had heard was an orphan, he
held his head in his hands, saying that if it was true, it was more than
just taking responsibility.

<br />
"...It's because you're saying things like, 'I'll become stronger than
Aria,'" she said.

"Ugh..."

Theo fell silent, speechless, at the mixed look of amazement and pity
from his real mother.

From Sera's point of view, Aria only saw Theo as a "younger brother,"
but even so, if he had confessed or done something to make her aware of
him earlier, he might have had a chance.

Even if it was pity or family love, if he had gotten her to agree, there
was a possibility that he could do something about it even if he found
out later that Aria was the princess of the main family, if Aria herself
wanted it.

If that were the case, Sera would have had the opportunity to obtain her
successor and someone to take over the house at the same time, but she
couldn't help but sigh at her son's lack of ability.

"Is there still something I can do..."

The son himself was still muttering such things, showing no signs of
giving up, but there was virtually no way for the daughter of the main
family to be adopted into the baron family when Aria was not even aware
of him. She appreciates her son's enthusiasm, but before he does
anything strange to the princess of the main family, she drives a nail
in him.

"Theo. If the incident that caused you to take 'responsibility' comes to
light, I may receive an assassination request from the shadows, you
know?"

"............Huh?"

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"It's finally coming true... 'My' dream."

The girl who calls herself Licia muttered with a dreamy expression while
drinking the tea brewed by her exclusive maid.

She had forgotten her real name. It had no value to the girl.

Her mother was a bad woman who tricked men into giving her money, like a
prostitute. Most of the men who were thought to be her father were
swindlers or people from the underworld. She had never thought of such
people as her parents, but she could still be grateful that they gave
her beauty and the ability to use it.

Her heart didn't move when those people died in a demon attack. They
never gave the girl love and only saw her as a pawn to earn money, and
the girl grew up without knowing how to love anyone.

Therefore, when they died, she was happy that her real life would begin.

<br />
The girl wanted to be the "happiest" person in this world more than
anyone else.

What is happiness? The girl, who didn't know how to love, thought that
"being loved by someone" was happiness.

She had learned the art of being loved from the woman who was her
mother. However, her words and actions as a "woman" earned her the
antipathy of other women, and at the same time as being isolated from
other women, she learned to take advantage of the opposite sex, who were
captivated by the girl's beauty.

Then, when the old woman who was managing the orphanage was killed, the
girl obtained "fate" in the middle of being forced to do volunteer work.

<br />
That "magic stone" contained the passions of a certain woman.

The trajectory of a story set in this world. It showed the path for
Licia to rise to the top and become a heroine (happy).

The steps to manipulate multiple men. The events, called events, even
described the darkness in the hearts of the men who were considered to
be the targets, and she gradually captured their hearts as if she were
taking a test with the answers known.

There were times when the "answers" didn't work on those who were wary
of Licia from the beginning, but she eventually decided that she only
needed the person who could be the happiest in the end.

<br />
When Licia received the "knowledge" that had been stored, the magic
stone became just a fragile stone, and only a small magic stone remained
in her hand...

"Colette-san. Did you get the necessary knowledge?"

The shrunken magic stone was in the hands of a demon. The last piece of
knowledge seemed to be information about a different world that Licia
couldn't understand, and the succubus was analyzing it.

"Yes, Ojou-sama. The 'proof' for you to be 'happy' has been obtained."

Colette, who became the vessel for the succubus, smiled faintly at
Licia's, the new contractor's, question.

The content of the contract is to cooperate in order for Licia to be
happy.

The price of the contract is Licia's soul after she becomes happy.

Because she gained the woman's "knowledge," Licia also knew that a
contract with a demon was dangerous. Even so, Licia wanted the greatest
"happiness," even if it was a fleeting firework.

"For that, I'll give you the souls of the people in this country too."

"Yes, Ojou-sama."

There is no eternal happiness. If it's going to fade someday and become
ordinary happiness, she'll cut out the best happiness in this world and
display it in a frame.

<br />
"Ojou-sama, it's about time."

"Yes, I understand."

Nathaniel's funeral will be held from now on. It's small for the
grandson of the temple chief, but it's a fitting funeral for him, who
hasn't done anything in this world unlike him in the otome game, and
it's better than "him" not having a funeral at all.

Amor's frozen corpse still remains on the temple. It's also a stain on
the saint faction, but for the king, who wants him to be regarded as
dying from illness, the fact that it remains makes it difficult for the
Holy Church to politically interfere.

He shouldn't be able to stop Licia, as a saint, from participating in
the "graduation party," which is the last stage of the otome game, to
bless her.

Is Elvan not coming because of his \[Gift\]? He never revealed his
blessing to anyone until the end, but with Licia's blessing, he can't
hate Licia.

<br />
"Now, let's pray. For the sake of our beloved Amor and Nathaniel."

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"...Cough."

Karla, crouching in a dark forest, one of her hidden bases, coughed up
blood.

Karla's enlarged magic stone, which had all attributes, was pressing on
her heart and shaving off her vitality, but more than that, her forced
actions, which could be called a forced march, had been damaging her
body.

But she's used to the pain. It's always painful.

She just needs to hold on for a little longer. She's already finished
preparing for that.

Karla reached out to the "moon" floating in the night sky without wiping
her blood-stained lips.

<br />
"Ah... I feel so good..."

<br />
And so, the last and greatest "stage" begins--.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0019.md)

