[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0017.md)



# 276 Samantha Samantha

"Samantha, Samantha, hah!"

"I know."

"Who are you to know this old one, little girl!"

"Aria."

"Hmm. Is the meal ready yet?"

<br />
As expected of Aria. She isn't fazed at all. On the contrary, Granny
shows displeasure at her, who is accustomed to taking out dried meat
from \[Shadow Storage\].

"Dried things are no good... I want some crisp and fresh meat!"

Oh, she's unexpectedly extravagant. But if that's the case...

"I should have brought you bandits that I froze."

"A demon wife! There's a demon wife!"

When did I become a wife...?

But, is she really senile? I can't tell if it's just "dotage". The kitty
doesn't seem to want to deal with her in the first place, and is curled
up as a black kitty on Aria's shoulder.

<br />
"——Grandma!"

At that moment, such a voice was heard from afar, and someone approached
with an incredible force, kicking up dust, and tackled Granny who was
trying to dodge, pinning her down.

"Who are you to capture this old one!?"

"I thought you suddenly started running, what are you doing to these
young ladies!?"

"I had a premonition!"

"What do you mean!?"

The woman, who looked to be in her twenties, turned to us and bowed
repeatedly.

"I'm so sorry for my grandmother. It must have been hard on you?"

The woman, who spoke as if she was assuming that something had already
happened, made Granny suddenly clap her hands as if she had remembered
something.

"That's right! It's mealtime!"

"You ate dinner the day before yesterday, didn't you?"

"A demon wife! There's a demon wife!"

"Yes, yes, she's your great-granddaughter. Look, your
great-great-grandchildren are here too~"

"Granny"

From behind the woman who claimed to be the great-granddaughter, two
small children, a boy and a girl, appeared, and clung to Granny as if
climbing on her.

"Granny, dinner"

"Dinner, dinner"

"Alright! Let's go, great-great-grandchildren! You little girls, come
and eat at our house too!"

No sooner had she said that, Granny put the two
great-great-grandchildren on her back and ran off at an incredible
speed, leaving a cloud of dust behind and disappearing in an instant.

"I'm so sorry!"

"Understood. It's dinner, Snow."

Aria isn't fazed either...

<br />
"ITADAKIMASU!!"

At the same time as that shout, dozens of people start eating all at
once. Everyone here, from the elderly to the babies, are all family.

The entire Samantha clan lives in a mansion like a castle, and even
though it's so large, there aren't any servants, and the younger
people... or rather, the people who can move and are good at things, do
what needs to be done.

Well, in short... it's very noisy.

<br />
"Little girl, is that the little girl we were talking about?"

Granny, who was eating across from me, looked at me with a sharp gaze.
That glare and sense of intimidation were worthy of the name of the
veteran adventurer "Dust Witch."

...If she didn't have several children under the age of three climbing
all over her.

"Samantha. Do you understand ?"

Aria, cutting up mutton sausage, asks Granny in response.

"It's distorted... and you've been reckless quite a bit. Did the 'War
Demon' examine her? It's gotten a little better, but no matter how much
you prolong her life, she won't last long."

"I see..."

Aria frowns slightly at Samantha's words, and gives the cut sausage to
the kitty... but can the phantom kitty eat it? Besides, since its main
body is huge, is that even enough for it?

"No regrets though?"

Aria glares at my light tone. ...Silly. You don't need to worry about my
lifespan.

That being said...

"What's with the huge amount of blood sausage on my plate?"

Do I really look that iron-deficient?

<br />
"Dalton told us to teach you two... especially that white little girl,
how to move like an adventurer magician."

Granny, while biting into the lamb on the bone, points at me with a
broken bone.

"But, you don't need that kind of thing, do you? It's still rough, but
if we're just talking about strength, there aren't many people who can
beat you, not just in this country, but on the entire Thace continent."

"What are you going to do then?"

By sorting out the attributes, I extended my life a little. If that's
the case, I want to do what I can for Aria, rather than wasting time
taking strange lessons.

To that, Granny, while chugging down wine, grinned.

"That's why Dalton left it to me! I'll retrain you directly and fix your
life force from the root! I'll make sure you don't die before me, at
least! Uhyahyahya!"

"...Is that something I should be happy about?"

Dying after someone over a hundred years old, how many years in the
future are we talking about?

Then, Aria, who was listening to that, nodded deeply as if impressed by
Granny's story.

"Snow, you'll be able to live for another hundred years."

"............"

You're kidding, right?

<br />
"Now then, let's go, you little girls!!"

"Grandma, have a good trip"

Immediately after the meal, we set off with the entire Samantha clan
seeing us off.

I thought I had trained my mana control, but according to Granny, more
delicate manipulation is needed.

Until now, I've only focused on manipulating vast amounts of mana, but
she said that by performing delicate manipulations, I can smooth the
flow of mana and manipulate the blood flow itself.

"Little girl, you too! Aren't you hungry!?"

"Understood. I just ate."

Granny seems to be training Aria as well. If the flow of mana becomes
smoother, the mana consumption will also decrease, so there's no
downside.

"By the way, where are we going from here?"

I had set out on a journey, but I hadn't heard the destination, so I
asked, and Granny made a stern face for a moment.

"Where are we going!?"

"Somewhere we can train, right?"

Aria answered Granny's senility with a straight face. Did we really just
set off on a journey based on the word "training"? I couldn't help but
give her a sidelong glance with the Kitty, who had the same look in its
eyes, and Granny clapped her hands.

"That's right! We're going to Dandorl!"

"Dandorl?"

Aria tilted her head, and Granny puffed out her chest as if it were
obvious.

"Because a new product of mead has been released recently!"

It really was just "for the time being".

The journey to the Viscount territory, which is a dependent territory of
Dandorl, will be another three weeks or so. ...We've already been
traveling this far, wouldn't it be nice to take a little break?

But, Aria doesn't care, and Granny is so healthy that it's hard to
believe she's over a hundred years old, so my thoughts only increased
the amount of medicine that Aria makes.

<br />
"Walking is necessary, white little girl!"

By walking for long periods of time, you get your body used to the blood
flow, and you use mana control to manipulate the mana-infused blood,
suppressing the burden on the heart.

When Aria heard that, she also seemed to have learned that suppressing
blood lipids? - a word I had never heard before - would improve blood
flow, so she decided to increase my meal menu and medication as well.

<br />
Granny is a three-attribute magician. The number of attributes is not a
problem in terms of health, but that's only as a magician, and as a
warrior, you can only gain enough stamina to get out of breath during
long battles, she said.

Granny runs around in her fighting style, so she has been training her
mana control since she was a child, which has resulted in her life being
extended, apparently.

"But Granny? You love meat, right?"

"A demon wife! There's a demon wife! Let her eat what she likes!"

...Well, if she runs around that much, the fat might be burned off.

<br />
After that, the meals that Aria made for me were only herbal leaves and
lean meat or chicken with the fat removed, but when we arrive at our
destination, will I be able to eat proper food and drink mead?

When I inadvertently muttered that, Aria opened her mouth as if
remembering something.

"Gelf said that Dandorl's new product was devised by the people of the
Dandorl family, apparently."

"I heard that too! Apparently, the little girl who devised it married
the new lord's brat!"

"Hee..."

That sounds like a story I've heard somewhere before.

In the Dandorl family, marrying the new lord?

Could it be...

The former prince and young lady?



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0017.md)

