[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0024.md)



# 283 Across Borders

At the request of the Holy Church, more than it being an invitation from
the Hero, we ended up heading to the holy city of Farn in the Fandora
Theocracy in the north, crossing national borders.

What a pain... Well, in terms of distance, it's only about the same as
going from Melrose to Dandorl, but crossing two borders and going to a
land with different customs feels more stressful than I thought it
would.

<br />
"Well then, I'm counting on you, Feld."

"Understood."

It's been a week since we left the royal capital... We still haven't
left the Kingdom of Claydale.

Aria and I haven't reached rank 6 in Dark Magic yet, so I'm really
feeling grateful for the days when I could casually use spatial
transfer.

As I was thinking about that, Aria, who had returned from the driver's
seat, looked at me with a fixed stare.

"Don't ask for a casualness that costs you your life."

"...Could you not read my mind so casually?"

My watchdog is really excellent.

<br />
Dalton said that the reason why Aria and Feld were driving was because
this trip was different from the last one.

Apparently, his butler, who usually stays at Dalton's mansion, is in
charge of the driving and arranging accommodations, but this time, since
we don't know what's going to happen, he's staying behind.

So we take turns driving, but it can't be helped that I was excluded
along with Dalton, who is the leader. I can't even ride a horse.

"Last time" seems to refer to when we went to the large-scale dungeon on
the isolated island. What's different from that time is that Viro, the
scout, retired from "Rainbow Sword" after becoming a knight of the
shadows, and I, the mage, and the warrior Jesha joined as replacement
members.

Dalton's "Rainbow Sword" high-speed carriage has considerably more space
inside than a noble's carriage, but when the muscle-bound Feld and Jesha
are both in it at the same time, I feel a sense of pressure. I wonder if
the room temperature has risen a little?

<br />
Even so, we can travel considerably faster than in an ordinary carriage.

As a magical item, it uses magic stones to allow for some degree of
self-propulsion, and with its sturdiness and huge spatial storage, it
might have cost more than the royal carriage.

Even though we're going to a place where we don't know what's going to
happen, you're leaving the coachman butler behind and using such an
expensive carriage? It might end up being scrapped, you know?

Miranda answered my simple question.

<br />
"I heard they're going to make a new one with the reward from the
Attribute Dragon. Right, Dalton?"

"Well, yeah. If you have money, it's better to use it than hoard it.
Plus, we have more people now, so we want to have some leeway."

Dalton added to Mira's words.

Attribute Dragon, huh... I'm not really interested, but it seems like it
was tough. Including finding Elena, it seems like they got a reward that
was enough to live on without working.

"If you're going to rebuild it, could you add a washbasin?"

"...Are you planning to turn it into a house or something?"

That would be nice too. It would be nice to have a toilet as well, but
is that too much to ask?

"Snow."

"What is it, Aria?"

"Can't you do something with the application of \[Shadow Storage\]?"

"You're asking for the impossible."

You want me to research that? Magic is certainly my specialty, but I
never thought I'd be asked to do something so outrageous.

And stop reading my mind so casually.

<br />
About two weeks later, we arrived at the border with the neighboring
Gordle Duchy.

About twenty days from the royal capital, huh? Normally, it would take
more than a month, so it's fast after all, but I'm already getting
bored.

The carriage was moving very slowly right before the border. I heard at
the inn right before that it takes time for adventurers to cross the
border.

To ordinary people, adventurers who are free people without citizenship
are no different from thugs. People who easily leave the country and try
to earn money there aren't even citizens.

In other words, they're suspicious, so the screening to cross the border
takes time.

"Passports."

"Holy Church!?"

However, when they were shown proof that it was a request from the Holy
Church, the soldiers, who had looked displeased, hurriedly cleared the
way and let us through.

<br />
The Holy Church. The largest denomination on this continent, which came
from another continent with the Mercenians over a thousand years ago.

The authority that its name holds is immense, but I sighed at the
thought that we're going to its headquarters now.

"Hey, what kind of country is this 'Gordle Duchy'?"

Jesha, who was bored just like me, said that, and Feld, who was next to
her and also bored, spoke as if recalling his knowledge as a former
noble.

"Let's see... It's a country with a small territory but with many
craftsmen."

<br />
To summarize his story, it seems like the impression is that it's a
country that has remained without being absorbed by a major power
because it's next to the Fandora Theocracy.

Its territory and population are less than one-tenth of the Kingdom of
Claydale, a major power, but even during the era when Claydale merged
with Melrose and Dandorl, it wasn't targeted by Claydale or the nearby
Celres Kingdom because it paid special products to the Theocracy.

Livestock farming and agriculture. Carpets made from high-quality wool
and fragrant fruit wine made from high-quality grapes are treated as the
highest quality products used in the Holy Church's rituals.

In other words, the Holy Church objected to this country going to war
with other countries and the craftsmen disappearing, which is why it has
survived.

<br />
The Holy Church has the "power" to check the movements of nations. That
means there are a large number of believers, but if the maximum number
of people is large, both good and bad things become larger.

It's a crude analogy, but if there are only a hundred people, the range
of good and evil is only a hundred. But if there are a thousand people,
the range is also a thousand.

Even if there are many pure people among the believers and priests of
the Holy Church, it holds as much darkness as it does purity.

...I wonder which side the Hero is on? I'm looking forward to it.

<br />
We don't have any particular business in the Gordle Duchy, so we'll be
passing through almost directly. The only things to do are to enjoy the
local fruit wine and the grilled lamb ribs from the street stalls.

If you go north for about three weeks, there's the capital, and if you
go west from there, there's the Kingdom of Celres, and if you go
northeast, there's the Fandora Theocracy, so this country is also a
trading point for the three countries including Claydale.

Therefore, no matter how idyllic the country is, if there's a lot of
human traffic, there will be people who prey on its naivety.

<br />
"Dalton, bandits."

Miranda, who was driving, stopped the carriage and called out from the
small window as we were heading from the capital to the Theocracy.

"Go take care of them, you young ones."

At those words, Dalton said that without lifting himself from his seat,
and I stopped Jesha and Aria, who were about to move.

"I'll go. I'm bored."

Aria sat back down as if sighing at my smiling face, but Jesha showed
her dissatisfaction on her face.

"I'm bored too, you know?"

"Oh, do you want to come along? But I'm sorry if I accidentally kill
you."

When I said that without any guilt, Jesha made a face as if she had
bitten into a bitter bug and glared at Aria.

"Aria..."

"Give up."

I'm glad you understandâ™ª

<br />
"Snow is going out?"

When I went outside the carriage alone, Miranda, who was holding a bow
and guarding the surroundings, had a slightly withdrawn look on her
face.

"Don't burn down the forest."

"Lightning doesn't burn things very often, so it's okay."

...Probably.

When I concentrated a little and searched for the enemy, I certainly
felt a presence that seemed like them.

Mira judged them to be "bandits." But....

"There's something 'strange' there."

"Eh..."

Mira frowned at my mutter and searched for the "presence" even further
away, and her expression changed slightly, perhaps because she also
caught a strange presence.

"They're decreasing..."

<br />
That's right... The presence that seemed like "bandits" that I had
initially caught suddenly started to decrease.

Faint screams could be heard from afar.

"Hee..."

It looks like it'll be a good way to kill time.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0024.md)

