[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0018.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0020.md)



# 247 Graduation Event "Opening"

At the Royal Academy of Magic, the commencement ceremony is held at the
end of winter, which marks the beginning of the academic year, and the
graduation ceremony is held at the beginning of winter, nearing the end
of the year.

<br />
This year's graduating class consists of nearly 500 students, including
those from over 6,000 lower-ranking noble families. During the
graduation ceremony, His Majesty the King will deliver a congratulatory
address, followed by a standing buffet party on a scale of several
thousand people, including their relatives and associates.

<br />
Among them, a small number of graduates consider it a point of pride as
nobles to participate in the "Graduation Party" held at the royal
castle, rather than the party held in the academy's grand auditorium.

<br />
Only graduates from middle-ranking noble families and above, along with
their associates, can participate. It is a place where young adults who
have come of age as nobles can showcase their fiancées to demonstrate to
other families that their lineage will continue, and graduates without
fiancées aim to connect with noble families of matching status.

<br />
Only associates can participate. However, there are exceptions.

<br />
His Majesty the King and the royal family, who will also deliver
congratulatory addresses at this event.

<br />
The heads of various government ministries seeking talented newcomers.

<br />
And a priest representing the Holy Church, who blesses the young people
coming of age.

<br />
Usually, the representative of the Holy Church would be the temple head,
who is also a Baron of the Cloth residing in the royal capital, but this
year, the representative of the Holy Church is a young girl who is
younger than the graduates.

<br />
"The Holy Church, Miss Alicia Melsis, is entering!"

<br />
As the butler's voice announced and the doors of the grand hall were
opened by knights, a dark-blonde girl escorted by a man and accompanied
by two Holy Knight Priests stepped into the venue, and the gazes of
those nearby were drawn to the girl—the "Saintess Licia."

<br />
The daughter of the Viscount Melsis family, recognized as a "Saintess"
by the Holy Church.

<br />
There were rumors that she was originally a commoner, and she impudently
clung to Crown Prince Elvan at the academy, and it was whispered that
she had connections with multiple men. The relatives of middle-ranking
nobles who had arrived at the venue early cast suspicious glances at the
"Saintess-sama," but the moment they saw her "appearance," their doubts
vanished, and their eyes turned to admiration.

<br />
Licia's 【Gift】—the ability of "Allurement."

<br />
It has little effect on those who harbor hostility or strong doubts
towards her, merely creating a favorable impression. However, in its
place, there are no restrictions on range or number of people, and
unlike the magical "Charm" possessed by vampires, it cannot be defended
against with magical mental defenses.

<br />
(This is the power of the "Heroine"!)

<br />
The heroine from the otome game that woman knew naturally increased her
favorability.

<br />
Unlike a fictional story, in the real world, decreases in favorability
that should occur due to speech, attitude, and appearance preferences do
not exist. Licia's excessive contact with the opposite sex, which would
normally be frowned upon, is all taken favorably—the ability Licia
desired most.

<br />
The price is a decrease in mana, and even though she is already called a
Saintess, she cannot even use 【Heal】 satisfactorily without the help
of a demon. If the decrease continues, it should affect her physical
functions, but Licia thinks it's worth it for the sake of "supreme
happiness."

<br />
"Miss Licia, I have to make my greetings, so may I entrust your escort
to the Holy Knights?"

<br />
"Mr. Hiram, Licia is lonely…"

<br />
Licia directs a seductive gaze at the elderly man who has been her
escort up to this point, but Hiram smiles kindly and removes Licia's
hand from his arm.

<br />
"Knights, I'm counting on you to take care of the Saintess-sama."

<br />
"Understood!"

<br />
"..."

<br />
Licia narrows her eyes slightly at Hiram's attitude.

<br />
Hiram, who had originally come to the Kingdom of Claydell from the
Fandora Republic to discern the "Saintess," had treated Licia
courteously from the beginning, but the effects of "Allurement" seemed
weak.

<br />
Licia slightly twists the corners of her mouth, thinking that the reason
he is still in the kingdom is that he is still skeptical of her, but she
happily smiles at the Holy Knights who have taken over as escorts.

<br />
"Please take care of me."

<br />
Licia wanted Elvan to escort her to this place. But that "request" was
denied by Elvan himself in a confidential letter. Licia was
disappointed, but she accepts it as unavoidable.

<br />
In the original otome game, the heroine participates not as a fiancée of
a capture target, but as a Saintess who gives blessings. And if Elvan
were to abandon his position as Crown Prince, that would be one thing,
but for him to participate in the graduation party as Crown Prince, he
would have to bring three girls as the "Crown Prince's fiancées."

<br />
In that case, Nathaniel, who would become the Saintess's attendant
regardless of favorability, should have been the escort, but it is
impossible to have a dead person do that.

<br />
Only in Theo's single route would he become the escort, but Licia does
not seriously pursue Theo because she sees his degree of "happiness" as
low, and perhaps because her favorability was insufficient, he was
called back to his main family before Licia obtained "Allurement" and
disappeared completely.

<br />
(…Well, whatever.)

<br />
Theo, of course, as well as Nathaniel and Amor, were pieces that could
be discarded because they could not be envied even if they got married,
and their "happiness" was low from Licia's perspective.

<br />
If Licia were to attain "happiness," it could have been with Mikhail or
Rockwell, who are from the old royal family's border count family, but
those two are characters with a high level of difficulty with only one
year of capture time, and she was unable to raise their favorability by
the graduation event of the previous year when they graduated.

<br />
On the other hand, she was able to easily captivate Elvan, who was
discouraged by being distanced from those two, and thanks to that, she
was also able to obtain 【Gift】.

<br />
(Although…the reason I couldn't capture those two was because of that
one.)

<br />
It was good until the princess who was an obstacle to Elvan was
kidnapped by demons, but because that pink-haired girl was kidnapped
with her, Mikhail and Rockwell had hope. Because of that, she could not
exploit the darkness in their hearts, and she lost the opportunity to
interact with them.

<br />
The pink-haired girl—Baroness Aria Leighton.

<br />
A girl with a hair color and beauty reminiscent of a heroine, but with a
coldness and strength far removed from a heroine.

<br />
In fact, the biggest obstacle was Aria. Even if her title as Saintess
became a political shield, she didn't know if even a demon could stop
her if she seriously tried to assassinate Licia. Being too wary of her,
she could not separate her guardian demon from her side for her schemes,
and she had no choice but to use Amor as a disposable piece.

<br />
Licia was most wary of those "irregulars," Countess Karla Leicester and
Aria, who were trying to destroy the "stage" of the otome game with
brute force.

<br />
(That's all coming to an end…)

<br />
If the villainess Clara is convicted and the information gathered by the
demons lowers Princess Elena's evaluation, Elvan, who will become the
next king, will have no choice but to choose Licia. The title of
Saintess and the trust of the people are what the royal family wants
most.

<br />
Although their positions have created distance, Licia has meticulously
used "Allurement" on Elvan and is confident that she has captivated him
to the point that he will definitely choose Licia.

<br />
While she was doing that, the graduating middle-ranking nobles and their
associates gathered in the venue, diligently engaging in pre-performance
small talk. Nobles who revered the Holy Church came to greet Licia, and
they looked at her with faces like in a haze and eyes full of longing.

<br />
Members of the small number of upper-ranking noble families also entered
the venue, and just as nearly all of the participants, several hundred
people, had gathered, a voice echoed from another door in the back.

<br />
"His Highness Elvan von Claydell, Miss Clara Dandorl, Miss Karla
Leicester, and Miss PatLicia Hoodell are entering!"

<br />
Elvan, accompanied by three fiancées wearing beautiful dresses, entered
from the royal family's private door that connected to the royal palace.

<br />
Clara is wearing a bright red dress just like in the original story.

<br />
PatLicia is wearing a chic navy dress befitting her age.

<br />
Karla, who is wearing an extremely flamboyant "silver" dress and smiling
cheerfully with a face like a dead person, should start rampaging "to
die" after Clara's conviction if it goes according to the original
story.

<br />
If it goes according to the content of the otome game, all of the
capture targets with high favorability will defeat Karla, but Licia, who
cannot do that, has been increasing the number of noble believers who
will fight to the death for the sake of the Saintess with the power of
the "Dream Demon."

<br />
Karla herself is purposely leaving(...) what is lacking.

<br />
"His Majesty Reinhardt von Claydell, Princess Elena Claydell are
entering!"

<br />
As if to top it off, His Majesty the King entered escorting Princess
Elena.

<br />
But why is His Majesty the King escorting the princess instead of the
queen consort? The royal family's attendants also entered after them,
and the lineup included the Prime Minister, the General Commander of the
Knights, and the Head Court Magician. As Princess Elena's attendants,
not only Mikhail and Rockwell but even a pink-haired girl wearing a
black dress was present.

<br />
In the original otome game, the King's entrance scene was omitted, but
Licia sensed a slight unease at the strangeness of the lineup.

<br />
The nobles take the noble's bow in place, although they do not kneel
because it is a party, upon the King's entrance. Reinhardt, seeing this,
nodded and responded by raising one hand, then nodded quietly and opened
his mouth.

<br />
"Everyone, thank you for coming. I am very pleased to be able to welcome
you promising young people as new adults."

<br />
His actual age should be close to forty, but like the nobles with a lot
of mana, he looks like a handsome man in his early thirties, and the
noble women who don't know anything are looking at him with ardent eyes.

<br />
The princess and her attendants, who are next to him, are all beautiful
as well. In particular, the young nobles were waiting to head towards
them as soon as the greetings were over, but Reinhardt's words were not
over yet.

<br />
"Although I would like you to enjoy yourselves right away, I have heard
from my son Elvan that he has something he wants to announce here.
Elvan!"

<br />
"Yes, thank you for giving me this opportunity, Your Majesty."

<br />
The nobles' gazes gather on Elvan as he steps forward. Elvan, his face
as white as paper from nervousness, steels himself as if swallowing
something, then slowly turns to his fiancées.

<br />
“…I’m sorry. I, Elvan, am thinking of breaking off my engagement with
you.”



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0018.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0020.md)

