[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0060.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0062.md)



# 61・Management Pitfalls and Golems

"Meow"  
  
Belle greeted me upon my return from death. It seems this log house is
my respawn point.  
  
Looking out the window, I see that dawn is already breaking. If it had
come a little earlier, the ghost might have disappeared, and I wouldn't
have had to die again...  
  
I summoned Niru, and since Belle was awake, I summoned Lucille-san as
well.  
  
*'Hmm, you seem to be doing well.'*  
  
Lucille-san moved as if checking Belle's body.  
  
*'However, that doesn't seem to be the case for you.'*  
  
Ah, you understand. Perhaps you noticed because of the death penalty.  
  
"I was attacked by a ghost on the Gouro Mountain Pass a little while
ago."  
*'Kakaka! That must have been a disaster! You were probably sealed from
using magic, weren't you?'*  
"Yes, that's exactly right."  
*'Wasn't that feeling awful? For us mages, being unable to use our
favorite magic (skills) is the ultimate humiliation.'*  
  
Lucille-san nodded seriously for a moment. She seems to know the
characteristics of the ghosts there.  
  
Indeed, without magic, a mage can do nothing. Other classes might manage
even without magic. Ah, but recovery mages, who are in a similar class,
might be different.  
  
*'Speaking of which, what happened to your prized hat?'*  
"Eh?"  
  
…It's gone. My pointed hat, which I was wearing just a moment ago, is
missing!? I must have dropped it when I died. If it had been in the
forest, the Guardian's effect would have prevented it from falling...  
  
It's probably still there. I have to go back and get it immediately.  
  
Just as I was panicking, the front door opened. Earl entered. Come to
think of it, I left him there.  
  
"Ah, that hat!"  
  
In his hand was a familiar hat. Earl had picked it up for me.  
  
"Thank you, Earl!"  
  
I'm so relieved. I can't thank Earl enough for picking it up.  
  
Even so… even though I knew it had a low drop rate, to actually
experience the consequences... Now I completely understand how Light-kun
felt. And the feeling of having someone else pick it up... I understand
how he felt when I scolded him strongly.  
  
"Ugh… I never want to drop it again…"  
  
This time it came back to me, which is fine, but next time is anyone's
guess. Is there any way to prevent this? ...Wait, I think there was an
item like that. Where did I see it?  
  
*'There's a charm to prevent you from dropping those kinds of
things.'*  
"Really?"  
  
Lucille-san seemed to know something. Since it didn't come to my mind,
I'll ask her.  
  
*'It's something you can exchange for Star Coins, a heavenly currency.
It's not something you can easily get your hands on.'*  
  
Star Coins… weren't Star Coins the special in-game currency you can buy
with real money? Ah, I just remembered now.  
  
I opened the menu list and looked through the items. From there, I went
to the official shop, which I don't usually use.  
  
There it was, the "\[No-Drop Charm\]". For 50 Star Coins each!  
  
Ugh, making money like this, huh, developers? And aren’t these
consumable items, developers!  
  
But it's a business. To provide a game, you need money after all. The
developers aren't doing this for free.  
  
Putting the developers' circumstances aside, should I buy this? It's not
essential for the game. It's just a case of dropping something. The
worst case scenario would be if you dropped something important like
Light-kun.  
  
He ended up having his items stolen again… By the way, the charm doesn't
protect against theft.  
  
Hmm… well, if this happens again in the future, it would be troublesome.
And although I said it was expensive, it's on the level of a child's
allowance, so it's not impossible to buy. The fee for the \[Chloe\]
avatar data I bought earlier was more expensive.  
  
Come to think of it, I still have some Star Coins left over… I realized
when I checked my balance just now. I thought the next time I'd use them
would be for costume data, so I forgot.  
  
I used the remaining Star Coins to buy the charm. Now I don't have to
worry about losing things anymore.  
  
Still… anti-loss items being sold as a paid consumable, my administrator
abilities are quite advantageous.  
  
It's limited to the \[Twilight Forest\] area, but as an ability, it has
the same effect as the paid item: no random item drop upon death. I said
before that the administrator's abilities were weak, and from a game
balance perspective, it's not strong, but it's advantageous. It's at a
level where it could be considered unfair to other players.  
  
This paid item is a consumable, but mine doesn't have such a usage
limit. Technically, the paid item is consumed when a random item drop is
determined upon death, so it's not consumed every time you die…  
  
That means the position of the Guardian of the Seal is just that
important, I guess. I don't know what would happen if the seal was
broken, but it certainly doesn’t seem like it would be good for the
players. This is also where many beginner players gather.  
  
…I feel pressure from the developers. A "Don't mess this up," kind of
pressure.  
  
I think that's because of the barrier's existence. It feels like it's
not strengthened, but rather in a systematically impossible situation.
Many players have come here looking for the white forest beyond the
barrier. Several are still in the forest, and it seems they all have the
same goal. Some of them are higher level than me.  
  
Yet, no one has been able to find the barrier that serves as the
entrance. Even though I was able to find it on my own when I was at a
lower level than I am now.  
  
Maybe you can't find it unless you trigger a flag and make it an epic
quest. It's like playing a game in that you can't move forward unless
you trigger a flag.  
  
So at the moment, it's a strong wall protected by the system. On the
other hand, during an epic quest, if certain flags are met, it could
become a weak wall that's easily broken.  
  
The one who is most likely to trigger that flag is me, the Guardian.
Currently, only I can enter and exit. I can invite someone in, and I
could even break the seal myself.  
  
The developers probably don't want that though. They could manage it
themselves, but they might want players to do this kind of thing.  
  
It's contradictory to their reasons for not wanting it done, but even if
I did break the seal, the developers probably wouldn't say anything.
It's the player's freedom. If they really didn't want it, they wouldn't
have given me such authority in the first place.  
  
It seems there are players who have become heroes, demons, nobles, and
royalty. Some have achieved these important positions not through their
initial birth or background, but through in-game actions, just like me.
This is one of the charms of this game: being able to hold such
important positions.  
  
Well, this is all my speculation. I don't know the developers'
intentions.  
  
Now then… I'd like to go out to battle again, but it's already morning.
It's not impossible to fight, but I can only give it my all at night,
and there’s currently a death penalty. Let's stop for today.  
  
Speaking of which, I can learn new skills now. I opened the skill menu.
Among the skills I can learn, thanks to Lucille-san's influence, it was
there.  
  
\[Summon: Golem\] Required SP 4  
  
It's one of the summon-type skills, like \[Summon: Familiar\]. As the
name suggests, it seems I can summon a golem made of earth. It seems to
be a branch skill, so the required SP is higher.  
  
I'm a little hesitant to learn it. Are golems witch-like? But it seems
convenient. Unlike familiars, golems can fight. Things like what
happened earlier might happen less often.  
  
So I'll learn it. \[Summon: Golem\] was added to my learned skills list.
Let's try using it right away.  
  
"Now come forth, my new servant!"  
  
《There are no materials to create a golem.》  
  
"……What?"  
  
I got all invested in the role-play …again? I have a feeling I've done
something similar before.  
  
*'It's one thing to not have prepared materials… but what are you doing
summoning a golem in a place without soil? Where's the soil here?'*  
"Just be quiet."  
  
Of course, Lucille-san saw that scene… it's a little embarrassing.  
  
I pulled myself together and decided to go and summon the golem outside
where there’s soil. Lucille-san said that if you don't have materials on
hand, you can use the soil around you. Apparently, the type of material
used changes the type of golem created.  
  
"This time… my new servant, appear!"  
  
A magic circle in front of me shone brightly. The surrounding soil
swirled and danced, gathering in the circle. Gradually, it took on a
humanoid shape.  
  
"Whoa~"  
  
When the dust settled, there stood a golem with a brown earthen body.
It's taller than me, but smaller than Earl. The upper body, which looks
like it's made of hardened earth, is large, with large arms. The overall
silhouette is close to that of a gorilla. It has a head, but no visible
face, and it's completely blank.  
  
Also, some fallen leaves seem to have gotten mixed in, with the gray
leaves characteristic of this white forest embedded in various parts of
its body. The name is \[Earth Golem\]. It's just what it sounds like.  
  
"Nice to meet you. I’m your master."  
  
I approached the golem… It didn't respond. Rather, it hasn't moved since
it was summoned. It seems to have no will.  
  
*'Chloe, that golem has no will of its own.'*  
"It really doesn't have any…?"  
*'Of course not. It's just earth gathered and formed into a human shape.
As proof…'*  
  
That's when it happened. The golem's body, which was supposed to be
well-made, crumbled. All that remained was a pile of earth mixed with
gray fallen leaves.  
  
*'It returns to mere earth after a while.'*  
  
An instant golem, unexpectedly. Apparently, it reverts to its original
earthy state in about five minutes.  
  
"……I thought for sure it would have a will of its own."  
*'Those kinds of golems have cores. If you want that kind of golem, use
a core as a material.'*  
  
A golem with a core doesn't have a time limit. However, cores are
apparently rare, so it seems it will be a while before I can make a
proper golem.  
  
＊＊＊＊＊  
  
I returned to the field. The herbs, which were small before, have grown
considerably and are perfect for harvesting. I gathered them together
with Earl. I have the \[Gathering\] skill, so I get a bonus while
harvesting.  
  
"We got a lot!"  
  
Earl nodded repeatedly. He seems a little pleased.  
  
We harvested enough to fill the basket. Compared to the herbs I picked
up, these are in a much better condition. The average rank of the herbs
is four stars. I can make good medicine with these.  
  
I put them all into my inventory. Even a mountain of herbs is heavy.
This way, by storing them in my inventory, I don't have to lift and
carry them, which is convenient.  
  
What remained was a neatly harvested field. For now, I'll plant various
seeds of medicinal herbs and magical herbs that I think I'll use next.
There are a lot of varieties compared to the area, the yield of each one
will be small. In the future, I'd like to make the field a little
bigger.  
  
Back at the house, it's time to make medicine. This time, I've been
asked for 100 cold medicines. I took out an intermediate alchemy kit and
got started. As I did at Miranda-san's shop the other day, I ground the
herbs, red grass, and white herb, and then boiled them.  
  
This time, I used lake water. Lake water seems to have high benefits, so
I collected a lot of it and stockpiled it in my inventory.  
  
Simmer, simmer. The simmering time for cold medicine is longer than for
other potions. I mixed it, ensuring the three herbs were well blended,
checked the taste, and adjusted the heat so it didn’t overcook. The
taste is still bitter as expected, though.  
  
\[Cold Medicine: ☆☆☆☆☆\]  
  
Finally, the cold medicine is done. Wow, it's 5 stars! It also has an
additional effect of slightly recovering HP.  
  
Now, I could move on to mass production, but I'd like to do something
about the taste. Unlike recovery potions, it seems that the effect can
only be obtained by drinking it. So I want to eliminate the bitter
taste.  
  
I stared at my inventory. Is there anything I can use?  
  
*'What’s bothering you?'*  
  
Lucille-san must have found me lost in thought to be interesting,
because she spoke to me.  
  
"I'm wondering if there's a way to make the medicine less bitter."  
*'Hmm, in that case, you should try adding yellow lily nectar.'*  
  
That’s the advice I got. Yellow lily… I have some. There's not much, but
I seem to have some. Until recently, it was an unnamed plant, so I
didn't even realize I had it.  
  
"You should have told me when I made it for Klin-kun."  
*'I thought about it, but adding nectar makes it a little more
difficult. I didn't want to say anything because I'd be worried if you
failed.'*  
  
So that's the reason. Let's try making it anyway.  
  
I took out the yellow lily from my inventory. The lower part of the
flower is plump, probably because it contains nectar.  
  
I crushed it and added the nectar while boiling it in the pot.
Apparently, if you get the timing wrong, you'll fail. By the way, the
flower, after its nectar is gone, remains as an item in a withered
state.  
  
Apparently the petals have the power to cure paralysis. If you use it
instead of white herb with paralysis grass, you can make an
anti-paralysis potion.  
  
As Lucille-san said, the simmering time is longer than before. The
stirring process is also more difficult. The constant stirring,
sometimes fast, sometimes slow, is tiring.  
  
\[Delicious Cold Medicine: ☆☆☆\]  
  
Finally done. The quality has dropped slightly, but I've made a tasty
cold medicine.  
  
*'Hmm, not bad for your first try.'*  
  
Lucille-san also praised me.  
  
Now, I want to mass-produce this… but it's time-consuming. And since I
don't have many yellow lilies, 100 portions is impossible.  
  
So I decided to mass-produce the regular cold medicine. Even the regular
cold medicine takes a long time to simmer. If everything goes well,
it’ll take three hours to make 100 of them. I can’t tell whether this is
fast or slow, since it's a game.  
  
Anyway, it's difficult to spend three hours straight making medicine. I
have real life, too. I made a few, and I'll make the rest tomorrow. I'll
log out for today.  
  
"If only I had a bigger pot, I could make more…"  
*'I broke my large pot, you see. I meant to replace it, but I haven't
yet.'*  
  
Lucille-san's house had an advanced alchemy pot. But it seems to be
broken, so I need to repair it or buy a new one.  
  
"Then, I'll… be going out for a bit."  
*'Hmm, go ahead.'*  
  
I don't know if this is a good excuse for logging out, but Lucille-san
didn't stop me. Earl waved goodbye. Niru glanced from his usual perch
and went back to sleep. After this, only Niru's summon will expire and
disappear.  
  
Seeing them off, I left the world.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0060.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0062.md)

