[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0059.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0061.md)



# 60・Please Don’t Take Away My Magic

Now, where should I level up...  
  
The monsters in the forest are at an appropriate level, but since I
became a guardian, they've started running away. And even when I defeat
them, the experience points are minimal. Is this a restriction against
overhunting due to the guardian bonus?  
  
Places other than this forest... In that case, it would be beyond this
forest. To be honest, I've never been past here. The map information is
also unexplored. It's an area where adventurers pass through after
leaving the forest, so the level range is a bit high, but there's
nowhere else around here that's any good.  
  
Rumor has it that there are strong monsters north of Dairode Town; they
say the level range is around 50, so that's definitely impossible for
me. Outside of that, most monsters are weak. This is the early game
area, after all.  
  
I walked south through the White Forest and into the \[Twilight
Forest\]. Once I reached the exit that everyone had been looking for, a
landscape of rugged brown mountain paths and numerous pointed peaks
appeared.  
  
This seems to be the \[Gouro Mountain Pass\], the area just before the
\[Iru Mines\].  
  
By the way, the bonus from the \[Local Knowledge\] skill only extends to
the \[Twilight Forest\], so I have no map information beyond this point.
If I walk around and fill in the blank spaces on the map myself, the
\[Local Knowledge\] skill will work.  
  
I have no information based on any skill, but I did some research on
this area a short while ago.  
  
Apparently, the monsters that appear on this Gouro Mountain Pass change
between day and night. During the day, there's a monster like an
armadillo with rough rocks on its back, called a \[Stone Roller\].  
  
The \[Stone Roller\] sleeps at night. While it’s asleep, it’ll curl up,
and its appearance is indistinguishable from the rocks scattered around.
Probably those rocks lying around are \[Stone Rollers\].  
  
If you attack it while it’s sleeping, you’ll have disturbed its sleep
and it’ll become enraged. Its attack patterns will become more
aggressive, so it's best not to attack them at night.  
  
And then there's another one. The \[Grief Ghost\] that appears on this
mountain path under the light of the crescent moon at night. They say
these ghosts are the people who wandered and died in the Twilight
Forest. ...Maybe that's why there are so many of them. They look
humanoid, but they have no legs.  
  
Faint, semi-transparent white shadows appeared and disappeared here and
there on the rough road.  
  
Let's try a little reconnaissance. I can't handle multiple opponents, so
I'll have to look for a stray ghost. It's dark because it's night, but I
can see clearly with the \[Night Vision\] skill. Even so, since they're
semi-transparent white shadows, it's a little difficult to spot them as
they blend into the darkness of the night.  
  
After carefully looking around for several minutes, I finally found a
ghost floating faintly.  
  
"Well then, let's guide this lost soul."  
  
I feel like I can't guide it because I use dark magic. Let's believe
that defeating it will exorcise the spirit.  
  
"Earl, if anything happens, please give me a potion."  
  
Earl nodded and moved away from me a little.  
  
Well then, let's begin. First, since I can double cast, I'll
simultaneously cast \[Shadow Arrow\], which has a five second casting
time, and \[Sand Spear\], which has a three second casting time.  
  
I cast the completed \[Shadow Arrow\], and it hit the stray ghost.  
  
"GogoOOOOOOO..."  
  
It let out a sound that's neither human nor animal and rushed towards
me.  
  
Let's stop its movement immediately with \[Sand Spear\]. This deals
damage to a single target, impales it, and inflicts the \[Restraint\]
and \[Bleeding\] effects. It's like a single-target version of \[Dark
Bind\].  
  
If you want the \[Restraint\] effect, \[Dark Bind\] would be fine, but
that's an area-of-effect skill. I won't use it this time to avoid
hitting unnecessary enemies.  
  
A spear made of earth appeared from under the ghost's feet, piercing
it... but it's not taking damage? ...Could it be that because it's a
spirit, physical attacks don't work? Indeed, \[Sand Spear\] can only be
used where there is ground, and although it's magic, it's magic with
physical effects, so I guess it’s ineffective?  
  
"What a troublesome enemy."  
  
I tried using \[Wind Cutter\]. It hit. Apparently, pure magic works. The
\[Shadow Arrow\] isn't off cooldown yet, so I started casting \[Air
Shock\] instead. The cast time is three seconds.  
  
In the meantime, the enemy attacked. It sent out a blue
will-o'-the-wisp-like attack towards me. I defended it with \[Wind
Shield\] and, in return, activated \[Air Shock\]. It hit.  
  
I can cast \[Shadow Arrow\] again. However, the enemy is already very
close. Niru used \[Dark Mist\], but it doesn't seem to have any effect.
It probably can't see to begin with.  
  
The ghost launched an attack by swinging its dangling arms around. It
seems like it wouldn't be a problem to get hit, but it's scary, so I
used \[Shadow Move\] to avoid it.  
  
I was able to put some distance between us again. I cast \[Shadow
Arrow\] before the opponent got too close, and hit them.  
  
"Goooo..."  
  
With a death rattle, the ghost disappeared. It seems I've defeated it. I
even got a drop item called \[Ghost Powder\].  
  
"...Phew."  
  
But I never expected that earth magic wouldn't work. I should
investigate the enemy's information a little more. I should check the
strategy guide again... Oh no. It seems another ghost has noticed me, so
I'll deal with that first.  
  
"Really, there are so many lost spirits."  
  
I continued to defeat the ghosts that kept attacking me like that for a
while. I can defeat one or two without any problem, thanks to Niru and
Earl's support.  
  
I defended the enemy's attack with \[Earth Shield\] and cast \[Shadow
Arrow\], defeating another ghost.  
  
《Level increased to 24. SP increased by 2.》  
《The number of skills that can be acquired through certain actions has
increased》  
  
My level increased again. It seems I've also acquired new skills.  
  
The added skill is... \[Summon: Golem\]? Hmm, it seems to have appeared
because I have \[Summon: Familiar\], and it’s compatible with \[Earth
Magic\]. I think I could have chosen it during initial skill
selection... but Niru, is something wrong?  
  
"Eh..."  
  
Suddenly, I felt like I was pushed from behind. While stumbling, I
looked behind me and saw a semi-transparent upper body. Oh, I was
attacked. Because it was a ghost, there were no footsteps, so I didn't
notice.  
  
"Attacking a lady from behind is unforgivable."  
  
I immediately activated \[Wind Cutter\]... Eh? It won't activate? The
cooldown is over, so why...?  
  
"Why...?"  
  
I found the reason. There's a status ailment icon under the window
showing my HP and other stats. \[Mourning Curse\], the effect is being
unable to use skills, and the duration is ten seconds. ...Ah, I should
have looked it up earlier.  
  
"...Well, let's calm down. Shall we talk?"  
"Goooo..."  
  
It seems the other side understood. A handshake of reconciliation is
coming.  
That's a lie. If not, my vision wouldn't be turning gray. I tried to
evade it... but I got hit. And I died before I could use a potion.  
  
Ah, please stop using \[Mourning Curse\]. Don't take away a witch's
magic. The only thing I can do is hit it with my staff... This damn
ghost! Oops, I slipped up. It’s nothing.  
  
"Earl, I'll go home first."  
  
I called out to Earl, who was watching from afar, and returned from
death.  
  
Even so, I died so easily. Ah, the expression "died" isn't accurate. It
would be more correct to say I was critically injured and near death.  
  
  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
Name: Chloe  
Race: Human  
Gender: Female  
  
\[Birth: Bradley Viscount House\]  
\[Background: Ran away from home and went on a journey\]  
\[Background: Inherited the Guardian of the Seal\]  
  
LV24 Remaining SP 17  
  
Basic Skills Total 25  
  
\[Two-handed Staff LV23\]  
  
\[Magic Knowledge LV22\]\[Magic Power LV23\]  
  
\[Dark Magic LV23\]\[Wind Magic LV22\]\[Earth Magic LV16\]  
\[Shadow Magic LV8\]\[Spatial Magic LV1\]  
  
\[Moonlight LV17\]\[Rebellion LV17\]\[Forest's Protection LV3\]  
  
\[Summon: Familiar LV22\]  
  
\[Command LV20\]\[Night Vision LV23\]\[Taste LV21\]\[Herbivore LV1\]  
  
\[Appraisal: Plants LV21\]  
  
\[Gathering LV18\]\[Alchemy LV21\]\[Cooking LV11\]\[Witchcraft LV1\]  
  
\[Poison Resistance LV15\]\[Paralysis Resistance LV15\]\[Sleep
Resistance LV14\]  
  
\[Language: Swaro Kingdom Language LV15\]  
  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Language: Heiss Regional Language\]  
\[Status: Ente Kingdom, Bradley Viscount House\]  
  
\[Camping\]\[Local Knowledge\]  
  
\[Managed Area: Twilight Forest\]  
  
  
Titles  
  
\[Savior of Berry Village\]  
\[Guardian of the Seal\]  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0059.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0061.md)

