[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0065.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 66・I Don’t Understand What the Fairies Are Saying

The first thing I did when I logged in today was to go and check out the
fields. Miranda-san asked me to deliver potions the other day, so I’m
going to harvest the ingredients.  
  
Arriving at the farm, I can see lush green leaves swaying in the breeze.
There, a large figure was harvesting with a sickle in hand. I hadn't
seen him at first, but it seems he was here all along.  
  
"Earl, thank you for harvesting."  
  
When I called out to him, he turned around and waved. But Earl looks
really good standing in the field. I even took a picture. Yes, it's a
good picture.  
  
I joined him in harvesting. We were able to gather more than I expected,
creating a mountain of ingredients.  
  
I picked up one of the many herbs and took a bite. I haven't been
gathering or eating herbs recently, so I kind of just did it. It's
become a strange habit.  
  
It's still so sweet. …Wait, is the recovery amount increasing? My HP bar
is full, so there's no change, but the numbers in the log seem higher
than the last time I checked.  
  
This number is comparable to a high-quality beginner recovery potion.
It's definitely not a number you'd get from just eating one herb.  
  
…It seems to be the effect of the \[Herbivore\] skill. Since the herbs
are grown in my field, they're already of high quality, and the effect
of the \[Herbivore\] skill further amplifies it. Maybe if you eat
multiple herbs, the effect increases accordingly? I’ll try eating two or
three at once.  
  
Earl looks worried, but I'll ignore him. I'll also ignore the "again?"
look from Niru, perched on Earl's shoulder.  
  
"It didn't change…"  
  
The results were the same. No matter how many I ate, the numbers were
consistent. I also tried green herbs and magic herbs, but while the
effect of eating one was enhanced, the numbers were the same when I ate
multiple.  
  
It's a bit disappointing, but it's good that the effect increased at
all. Thinking that, I looked at the medicinal herbs and green herbs in
my hands and realized.  
  
"These two are ingredients for recovery potions, right?"  
  
Using the \[Alchemy\] skill, I mixed the two. Hmm… let's try one more
thing. This time, I'll eat the medicinal herb and green herb together.  
  
"The numbers changed!"  
  
This amount of recovery is close to a ☆4 recovery potion. I never
imagined that eating the same ingredients together would have the same
effect as a potion… The \[Herbivore\] skill is amazing.  
  
Now that the grass-eating experiment is over, I need to make potions.
That's why I made this mountain of herbs.  
  
The process is the same. I just need to mass-produce them. However, if I
get careless, the rank will drop, so I have to be careful about that.
I'll make them while occasionally tasting them.  
  
I stretched a little and took a break. I’m tired because I’ve been
staring at the pot for a long time. However, it's the kind of tiredness
you get from playing a game, so it's rather pleasant. Being able to lose
track of time and immerse myself in something I love is a lot of fun.  
  
Earl approached me. He smiled kindly, as if to say "good job," and
handed me a cup he was holding.  
  
"……this is?"  
  
The cup contained a pitch black liquid. It looks like coffee. I took a
sip, and it tasted like the bitter coffee I'm used to.  
But this taste is familiar… I activated the \[Taste\] skill and took
another sip, and then I understood.  
  
"Is this tea made with Lady Black?"  
  
Earl nodded. I see, Lady Black originally has a bitter taste similar to
coffee. Making it into tea really does make it taste like coffee.  
  
"Do you prefer beans? Well, they certainly are a more luxurious and
delicious item."  
  
Lucille-san, who hopped onto Earl's shoulder, spoke up. It seems they
also have regular coffee. Hearing that, Earl looked at me with a
slightly worried expression.  
  
"That's not true. While that's delicious, this is much better. It's
because Earl made it, after all."  
  
Earl tilted his head, as if asking "Really?", and when I told him it was
true, he laughed shyly.  
  
I decided to take a break and read a book while drinking my Lady Black
tea. There's a book I've been curious about. It's called \[Ruukte's Book
of Mischief\]. It seems to be a collection of recipes related to
\[Witchcraft\] written by the mischievous fairy witch Ruukte. By the
way, Lucille-san compiled it.  
  
"It's a recipe book I put together when I was young. Due to certain
circumstances, I never published it, but it's my favorite among the
books I've written."  
  
Lucille-san looked at the book I was holding with a nostalgic
expression. With Lucille-san translating the book for me, I started
reading it.  
  
The open page contained the recipe for the potion that turned me into a
child. Umm, the ingredients are...  
  
"The ingredients are \[Tiny Big Red Snake\] and \[Witch's Mysterious
Water\]."  
"\[Tiny Big Red Snake\] and \[Witch's Mysterious Water\]?"  
  
I think Lucille-san said it was the blood of a mysterious snake that can
shrink your body. So, the snake part makes sense. But what is \[Witch's
Mysterious Water\]?  
  
Looking at the other recipes, they all seem to use \[Witch's Mysterious
Water\]. It seems to be essential for making mischief potions. The
recipe for the crucial \[Witch's Mysterious Water\] was also included.  
  
\[Witch's Mysterious Water: Magical water necessary for making fun, fun
witch potions. With this, you can do all sorts of mischief. Yay!
(Ruukte)\]  
  
\[Recipe: Springing magic water, cute fairy powder, noisy voice of the
world, shining star's candy\]  
  
"W-What is this…"  
  
I don't know what the ingredients are. Maybe if I look at the example of
the snake I might get a rough idea? …But I still don't understand.  
  
"The fairy witch Ruukte made this potion for mischief… It seems she
didn't want it used for anything other than mischief, so she left the
recipe in this roundabout way to make it difficult to make. I also
respect her wishes, so I haven’t included the deciphered recipe."  
  
I thought it was just fairy-specific language, but it seems there was
actually meaning behind it.  
  
"...By the way, you won't tell me what ingredients you used, will
you?"  
"Kakaka, if I was going to tell you, I would have included the
explanation!"  
  
The black cat chuckled. Looks like I’ll have to find it out myself. Even
though I acquired \[Witchcraft\], not knowing the recipes is a waste of
potential…  
  
I glanced at the windowsill and saw Niru sleeping on his perch as usual.
...But he seemed a little worried about what was next to him, and kept
opening his eyes slightly to look at it.  
  
To be honest, next to him is the glass skull ornament that I bought the
other day. A glass ornament on the windowsill seems dangerous, but since
this is a game, I don't think I need to worry.  
  
By the way, it’s sitting on a cute pink cushion that Earl made himself,
so it feels like the ominous aura is diluted... no, maybe its presence
is even stronger.  
  
Niru glared at me, as if to say it's incredibly uncomfortable.  
  
"There wasn't any other good place to put it."  
  
Ignoring his protesting gaze, I took another sip of Lady Black tea.  
  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
Name: Chloe  
Race: Human  
Gender: Female  
  
\[Birth: Bradley Viscount House\]  
\[History: Ran away from home and went on a journey\]  
\[History: Inherited the Guardian of the Seal\]  
  
LV24 Remaining SP8  
  
Basic Skills Total 27  
  
\[Two-Handed Staff LV24\]  
  
\[Magic Knowledge LV22\]\[Magic Power LV23\]  
  
\[Dark Magic LV24\]\[Wind Magic LV23\]\[Earth Magic LV18\]  
\[Shadow Magic LV8\]\[Spatial Magic LV2\]  
  
\[Moonlight LV17\]\[Rebellion LV18\]\[Forest's Blessing LV9\]  
  
\[Summon: Familiar LV24\]\[Summon: Golem LV4\]  
  
\[Command LV22\]\[Night Vision LV23\]\[Taste LV24\]\[Herbivore LV5\]  
  
\[Appraisal: Plants LV23\]  
  
\[Gathering LV23\]\[Alchemy LV24\]\[Cooking LV14\]\[Witchcraft LV1\]  
  
\[Poison Resistance LV15\]\[Paralysis Resistance LV15\]\[Sleep
Resistance LV14\]  
  
\[Language: Swaro Kingdom Language LV20\]  
  
\[Flight: Broom LV5\]  
  
  
Unique Skills  
  
\[Language: Heiss Regional Language\]  
\[Status: Ente Kingdom・Bradley Viscount House\]  
  
\[Camping\]\[Local Knowledge\]  
  
\[Managed Area: Twilight Forest\]  
  
  
Titles  
  
\[Savior of Berry Village\]  
\[Guardian of the Seal\]  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0065.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

