[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0051.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0053.md)



# 52・As a Guardian and as an Employer

*‘You idiot!’*  
“Ouch!?”  
  
A paw chop, rather than a paw punch, from black cat Lucille-san landed
squarely on my head. Even with my pain tolerance, it hurt quite a bit.  
  
*‘What were you thinking?! Using your power as the Guardian of the Seal
like that!’*  
  
After chopping me, Lucille-san landed on the table. She was furious, her
black cat tail standing straight up to show her emotions.  
  
I was called as soon as I logged in, and so when I arrived, Lucille-san
was waiting for me.  
I understand her anger, of course. It was about me using my power
against the players who were wandering around the entrance to the White
Forest. By the way, those players apparently died and respawned safely
afterwards.  
  
“Didn’t you say I could do something like that?”  
*‘It depends on the time and place. You shouldn’t have used it in that
situation.’*  
“But those people were trying to find the White Forest. Regardless of
their purpose, if I left them alone, they might have found the entrance
and infiltrated this place like I did…”  
*‘The barrier has been reinforced. Ordinary people can’t break it
anymore. Therefore, you could have left them alone. They wouldn’t have
been able to reach it, and if they gave up, they would forget about this
place. And yet you… If you act rashly, you might reveal its
existence!!’*  
  
Lucille-san’s angry voice resonated only for me. I understand
Lucille-san’s point. The existence of the White Forest has become known
through videos. But the barrier is reinforced, and even the man in the
red hood who first broke the barrier probably can't do it now. No one
can enter this White Forest. Except for one person.  
  
*‘Chloe, if you act like that, they’ll figure out you’re the
Guardian.’*  
  
The Guardian of the Seal, also the administrator of this forest. Only we
know about its existence. No, if you watch the video, you might figure
out something from Lucille-san’s words and actions. But no one should be
able to figure out that I’ve taken over the role.  
  
Lucille-san seems to want to keep it a secret.  
  
*‘Don’t use your power as the Guardian too much. Where there’s a
Guardian, there’s a seal. If they find out you’re the Guardian,
undesirable people might try to enter this place by targeting you!’*  
  
Lucille-san sighed and continued.  
  
*‘And, weren’t you just trying to test your power?’*  
  
She found out. I'll be honest with you. You're right, Lucille-san. I
couldn’t help but want to use the Guardian’s power. It seems like Chloe
couldn’t resist testing it either. But it’s not like her to subtly lead
people astray in the forest maze. Well, let’s say it’s a one-time
thing.  
  
“…I’m sorry. I used it out of curiosity to see what the Guardian’s power
was like. You’re right, Lucille-san. From now on, I’ll try not to use it
in front of others.”  
  
I smiled. Please give in to this smile, Lucille-san.  
  
*‘Well, it can’t be helped. I didn’t explain things properly either.’*  
  
It seems Lucille-san’s anger has abated. Good.  
  
Earl, who had been watching our interaction from afar, looks relieved.
He couldn’t hear Lucille-san’s voice, but he sensed that I was being
scolded and had kept his distance until now. By the way, Niru is still
sleeping by the window, as if he had nothing to do with it.  
  
“…Oh? The cleaning is finished?”  
  
I noticed it then. Looking around the room, everything is clean and
tidy. Not a speck of dust.  
  
*‘Earl finished it while you were playing.’*  
  
Lucille-san told me the reason, somewhat sarcastically. I wasn’t
playing; I couldn’t log in! According to the official announcement, game
time stops during server maintenance when players can't log in. But I
logged in several hours after the maintenance ended. Earl must have done
it during that time.  
  
And Lucille-san must have been with Earl. I thought familiars were
basically unspawned when their summoner, the player, was logged out…,
but apparently Lucille-san is special.  
  
“It must have been hard for you all by yourself. I’m sorry I couldn’t
help, and thank you.”  
  
Earl nodded, as if to say it was nothing. This orc is a really good
kid.  
  
“That’s right, I completely forgot!”  
  
I remembered something important. I opened my inventory in the menu and
took out a certain item.  
  
“Here’s your pay. I put in the amount for the work so far.”  
  
In reality, it would be better to change the contract and pay regularly.
But Chloe’s income is unstable right now. But I can’t just keep making
Earl work without pay. So I'm giving him about 20,000G for his past
work.  
  
Earl looked puzzled when he received the money. He opened the bag,
looked at the gold coins inside, and tilted his head. Ah, that’s right.
Earl is an orc. He might not know about human money.  
  
“Um, Earl. That’s money. You can exchange it for things you want. You
know, like when I was shopping the other day?”  
  
Earl must have seen me shopping in town several times. As I explained
it, he nodded understandingly. Earl seems to be quite intelligent, even
if he is naive.  
  
“Earl?”  
  
Earl offered the bag of money to me. He shook his head, as if to say he
didn’t need it.  
  
*‘It’s money used by humans. He probably thinks it’s useless to him
because he’s an orc and doesn’t know what to do with it.’*  
  
Lucille-san, who had been watching our interaction, said. It’s only
recently that he’s been interacting with humans, so it’s understandable
that he wouldn’t know what to do with the money. But I’m in trouble. I
hadn’t thought about a reward other than money.  
  
“Do you want a reward other than money?”  
  
When I asked, he shook his head. Huh? Maybe...  
  
“You don’t want a reward at all?”  
  
He nodded. Really…  
  
*‘Hahaha! What a kind soul!’*  
“This isn’t something to laugh about.”  
  
This is a problem. He's actually saying he’ll work without pay. What a
convenient servant. No, no, that’s not right. Even if Earl is fine with
it, I, as his employer, won’t allow it. We’re aiming to be a clean
company, not a shady one. So I won’t allow unpaid work.  
  
“I don’t want you to work for free, so please take your pay. If you
don’t want money, I’ll give you something else!”  
  
I tried to give Earl back the bag of money, but he shook his head and
kept pushing it back to me.  
  
“You became my servant to thank me for saving you. It’s true I told you
not to run away until I thanked you. But you’re my servant, and it’s
only natural to pay those who work. Even if you don’t want it, as your
employer, I have an obligation to pay you!”  
  
Earl froze, looking troubled. There can be only one reason why he won’t
accept the reward. It’s because I accepted him as my servant.  
  
“I’ll think about the reward later. …but for now, I’ll leave the money
with you. You might find a use for it later.”  
  
Earl held the money with a troubled look, but he finally put it away in
his bag.  
  
*‘If he said it was okay to be unpaid, then it would have been fine…’*  
“I just fulfilled my duty as an employer.”  
  
Or maybe I just couldn’t bring myself to accept it.  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0051.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0053.md)

