[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0080.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0082.md)



# 81・That Person’s Name Is

"Bluey-kun, revive Azi-chan!"  
"Got it!"  
  
I asked Bluey-kun and Earl to look after the fallen Azi-chan, and I
stood in the middle of the road to protect them.  
  
"You're making quite a scary face."  
  
...That man's laugh is a little scary.  
  
The fireball magic that just burned Azi-chan. I think it's probably the
fire spell \[Fire Shot\]. ...I didn't see him cast the spell. There was
no incantation, sound, or gesture. It was as if he cast the magic
without any chanting.  
  
Moreover, he doesn't even have a weapon. While there are exceptions like
martial arts skills, generally skills cannot be activated without
equipping a weapon like a staff. This is especially true for magic
skills.  
  
Despite that, he fired \[Fire Shot\]. With that one blow, Azi-chan—  
  
...—Wait, what is this!?  
  
That wasn’t the only magic. The log shows traces of four other spells
that were activated almost simultaneously. A \[Magic Knowledge\] check
revealed the spells used: \[Fire Shot\], \[Flame Beat\], \[Heat Burst\],
and \[Flame Spark\], a total of four.  
  
—Quadruple casting!?  
But I've never even heard of quadruple casting!? \[Magic Knowledge\]
should only show up to double casting… I only saw triple casting being
talked about for the first time the other day!?  
  
And on top of that. A quadruple cast with a no-chant ability... What
kind of overpowered cheat is this!!??  
  
"Who, exactly, are you...?!"  
  
I wish I was on the receiving end of that line… But I decided to say to
him the line I'd always wanted to say.  
  
Seriously, who are you (NPC)? If this guy is a person, I should start
preparing to complain to the developers. No, I’m not really in a
position to criticize others, but still… this is ridiculous!  
  
"—Hehe. Speaking of, I said I'd tell you my name if we met again, didn't
I?"  
  
Whether he understands how I feel or not, the man laughed. Then he
reached for his hood.  
  
"I was planning on blending in with the faceless crowd today… but since
you're here, I should show my face, shouldn't I?"  
  
The slender fingers with rings on them removed the hood. Underneath the
red hood, hair of a similar red appeared. His left eye is partially
obscured by the hair.  
  
His right eye, with his hair tucked behind his ear, is clearly visible.
Eyes like the heart of a burning fire peered at me playfully.  
  
"Let me introduce myself properly… I am Ignis, the face of the \[Crimson
Apostles of Chaos\]. Nice to meet you."  
  
The man who called himself Ignis placed a hand on his chest, bowed
gracefully and smiled. His smile, combined with his baby face, makes him
look even more childlike.  
  
"Yesss! I'm back!"  
  
At that moment, I heard Azi-chan's cheerful voice from behind me. It
seems Bluey-kun's revival magic is finished.  
  
"Azi-chan, chase after that rabbit immediately!"  
"Okay, got it!"  
  
The revived Azi-chan started running towards the wall.  
  
"I'm sorry, but I can’t let you you chase Poco—"  
"Will you keep me company? …Let's do this!"  
  
As Ignis showed signs of using magic, I switched my staff for a broom,
jumped onto it, and charged towards him. While I was flying, I chanted
and released \[Air Shock\], which sent me flying at the speed of a
bullet.  
  
"...!?"  
  
Indeed, this action was probably unpredictable. His usually composed
face is now full of surprise. I feel a sense of satisfaction.  
  
He tried to dodge, but I grabbed him by the neck and continued flying,
dragging him along. Because of that, his aim was off, and the fire magic
he unleashed didn't hit Azi-chan.  
  
I continued flying into the street, but the combined weight of the two
of us caused my flight speed to slow down.  
  
"I wish you'd let go!"  
  
Magic was activated from Ignis' hand. To avoid the clump of wind, I let
go of him.  
  
…This magic is \[Air Shock\]. The same magic I just used. That spell's
casting time is three seconds. Judging by the visible incantation
effect, Ignis didn't use that power.  
  
"…Well, I’m sure Poco-chan will be fine. But since you seem to be paying
attention to me, I’ll need to prioritize you."  
  
I dismounted from my broom and stood in front of Ignis, who straightened
his disheveled collar. In his hand is a slender staff, which had
appeared there somehow. It seems that’s his weapon.  
  
"That's good to hear. I have some debts I want to repay you for, too."  
  
This one-on-one confrontation is also something Chloe desired. Chloe
dislikes this man and had been waiting for a chance to get revenge.  
  
*'Chloe-san, are you alright?'*  
  
A party message from Bluey-kun arrived. While keeping an eye on Ignis's
actions, I replied.  
  
*'Yes, everything's fine here. Bluey-kun, don't worry about me and chase
after her. The priority now is retrieving the key. I'll handle this
man.'*  
*'…Understood!'*  
*'I’ll have to ask you to take care of Earl as well.'*  
  
I left Earl behind, so I'll leave him to Bluey-kun and the others.  
  
*'So… that man was Ignis.'*  
*'Lucille-san, you know?'*  
  
I looked at Lucille-san, who had somehow followed me. From before,
Lucille-san had spoken as if she knew the truth about Ignis's identity,
but it seems she's now certain.  
  
"…That black cat… it looks familiar. Could that possibly be…Lucille?"  
  
...Ahh, the person you least want to know has found out.  
  
"No way… this cat is my familiar. There’s no way it’s Lucille-san."  
"Really? …No, it's not a familiar. It's just an ordinary cat."  
  
How did he know? ...No, perhaps if you use some kind of skill to judge
it, you could tell it's an ordinary cat and not a familiar.  
  
Even so...Ignis's gaze isn't on the black cat.  
  
That doesn't mean he's looking at me either. He’s looking to his right,
as if seeing something. There should be nothing on the right side,
however...  
  
I unconsciously look to the right as well. There's only the menu icons
and map icons, nothing in view...nothing?  
  
I quickly shifted my gaze to the left. From my perspective, Ignis is
looking to the right, but from his perspective, he should be looking to
the left. On the left is the log window displaying all sorts of
information.  
  
I was able to figure out what magic he used earlier because the \[Magic
Knowledge\] skill check succeeded and that information was displayed in
the log.  
  
Thanks to Lucille-san's \[Magician's Wisdom\] bonus, the check might
have been easier this time, but the log window records various types of
information.  
  
…In other words, the fact that he was looking to the left just now
means—Is Ignis maybe a player?  
  
"…Hmm, so that cat is possessed by a familiar. It certainly seems to be
your familiar as well."  
  
The information check seems to have been successful, as Ignis said this
and looked at us with narrowed eyes.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0080.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0082.md)

