[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0003.md)



# Chapter 2: Departure

"Why do I have to wear something like this?!"

We're about to depart for Sylber. My father told me to use that super
luxurious, huge carriage he had made for me, but it's incredibly
eye-catching and gives off the vibe of someone really important riding
in itâ€”it's basically a 'bandit magnet'.

You might think it's fine because I get more snacks, but the souls of
people who don't have the ability to get a decent job and resort to
crime for an easy life are so hollow, aren't they? Flavorless cotton
candy is the same as dust.

Onza and Geas will eat anything as long as there's meat or alcohol, but
I absolutely refuse. My taste buds have gotten so refined... I wonder
why I failed to cultivate my sister (sob).

I wonder if there's a villainous young lady who's been reincarnated
close by...

As usual, my story is going off on a tangent, but basically, I want to
use a less conspicuous carriage.

"Don't ignore me!"

"Oh, Rose, what's wrong?"

I turned around to the noisy Rose, and she was glaring at me, trembling
in a brand new outfit.

"I'm talking about this outfit!"

"It suits you, doesn't it?"

Despite being an Arch Demon and the Second Princess of Sylber, Rose has
been put in my care, so I had her change into a black maid outfit like
Tina and Fannie.

"Why do I have to..."

Bonk

"Do you have a problem with my master's wishes?"

"......"

Tina, who is at the top of even the Arch Demons in terms of fighting
ability as a result of me getting too ahead of myself and modifying her,
pats Rose on the shoulder, and Rose bites her lower lip and falls
silent, which is kind of cute.

"Rose, give up. That's just how Yurushia is."

While preparing the carriage he's riding, Axel directed a cold, resigned
look and words at his younger sister.

Since Axel had his other sister, Estelle, turned into a wreck by Rose,
it didn't seem like Axel and Estelle were that close, but maybe he has
some feelings for her, because he doesn't complain even though I'm
treating Rose roughly.

I wouldn't let him complain anyway. Sylber's stance is that it was all
Estelle's fault, Estelle is no longer a member of the royal family, and
they have nothing to do with such a criminal, but as someone who has
been wronged, I want to see some sincerity.

As for the carriages, including the one Axel is currently preparing, we
have prepared one fairly clean eight-seater carriage for the Sylber side
and two for us.

For me, there are five of us and two pets, so one car is enough, but
girls have a lot of luggage.

Normally, it would be proper for my guardian knights to come along, but
unlike my previous escorts, Bri and the others, I only have them help
out at the directly managed stores I set up in the royal capital.

This is an important job too, you know? But you're not an escort knight,
you're just a subordinate.

"Princess Yurushia, please stamp here to accept the carriage."

"Yeah, yeah, is a signature okay?"

Bianca, one of the knights and formerly a member of the fake hero party,
presented me with a delivery note with a bright smile, so I signed it.

"The carriage was donated by both associations, but even if it breaks
down, I believe that believers from other countries will be able to
repair it, so please feel free to ask."

".....Understood."

Correction. They're not subordinates, they're believers.

These carriages were also donations from members of the 'Society to
Bring Darkness to the Light' and the 'Society to Make Your Heart Throb'.

They look like carriages a slightly upscale merchant would use, but
they're actually decorated military armored carriages, with several
times the durability and price of an ordinary one.

It would be convenient if I could use a vampire carriage that can run
anywhere, but those can only be used at night.

That's fine, but believers in other countries? ...Eh? Isn't it just
within the Holy Kingdom? How far has the infiltration of those strange
society members gone?

When you say "ask them", do you mean call out in the street asking if
there's any members around? And then people with low scalp defense or
thin chest armor suddenly kneel? Scary!

Also, before we left, I had a chance to talk privately with those two,
Rick and Noel.

When I congratulated them, they both had a very awkward look on their
face, and although they both seemed less energetic than usual, they
looked somehow refreshed and brighter than before.

And it felt like they had coordinated beforehand because they both gave
me the same words.

'If Yurushia is ever in danger, I will definitely help.'

Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, but I think my times of need are going to be
pretty extraordinary.

It will take about three months to reach Sylber, even using a high-speed
carriage, stopping at inns along the way and crossing several countries.

I heard that we could get there faster if we used special magic, but the
materials it requires are very special and extremely expensive. I could
afford it with my wealth, but my soul refuses to waste money on
something that would be free if I just flew.

The next time I can return to the Holy Kingdom will be in a year at the
earliest, after doing everything... Cyril and Amelia will have grown up
by then. If it takes too long, they might say 'Who?' when I next see
them, so I'll try my best to finish things quickly.

Now, it's finally time to depart. Secretly.

It's not like I'm doing anything bad, but if there's another parade or
if excited old people have heart attacks, it would be troublesome, so
the guard knights have asked me to wait.

Since I'm not using the huge carriage to avoid being conspicuous, that's
fine, but I also changed my outfit a bit so that I don't stand out so
much.

It's probably impossible not to stand out with hair this shiny, but the
fact that I worked hard and made an effort is what's important.

That said, we haven't created a new dress yet, but rather we are
updating the existing black and silver dress and platinum dress while
changing their designs.

The black dress, which used to have a lot of gothic lolita-like
decorations, has been simplified to look more adult and modern.

The white dress, which was originally modern, has had its exposure
adjusted so that it can be worn casually or semi-formally.

With this, I shouldn't be found out as the 'Saint of the Holy Kingdom',
at least not in other countries... I hope.

Three carriages and three riders.

Riding the horses are two of Axel's cheerful companions and Nia from our
group.

Rose, who came to the Holy Kingdom on horseback, is now wearing a maid
outfit, so we'll have her obediently drive the third carriage.

You can tell she's sulking even from a distance, but she has a bear and
a rabbit stuffed animal on either side of her, which makes her look
fancy, and Nia, who is as strong as Tina in physical combat, is watching
from horseback, so she can't say anything.

"I didn't hear that there were so many monstrous Arch Demons swarming
around..."

Well, it can't be helped. I'll pretend I didn't hear your muttering.

First, we're heading to the Southern Territory. We could take the route
through my hometown, the Tours Territory, but although I want to see
Granny, stopping by the castle would take time, so we'll be heading to
the southern border for a week, using inns in the Southern Territory.

This area has poor security because the nobles and soldiers haven't
gathered yet.

"Hey, you there, carriage, stop! If you want to pass through here, leave
your valuables and young women!"

...As expected of the South. The bandits are half-naked. Sorry, but I'm
not interested in half-naked old men.

Who was it who said we should change carriages to avoid being bandit
magnets?

"...Geas"  
  
'Gaugau'

As soon as I called out, the teddy bear jumped out... and yes, the
bandits are all gone. It's a mystery.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0003.md)

