[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0023.md)



# Chapter 22: Battlefield of Madness (2)

"Nya."

"…………"

Damn, that was careless... For a spiritual being like a demon to take
damage like this.

And so, \[Hellgate\] ...huh? It’s not even a gate, it's hell itself.

My \[Lost Eden\] has grown to be as large as a continent, but from here
it feels even larger than the entire world.

Well... what I need to do doesn't change.

"What's wrong, Yurushia? My dear child. If you don't come, I'll go
first."

"‘Holy Wings’!"

A high-speed movement mode with golden feathers attached to my demonic
wings.

The instant I jumped back due to a bad premonition, thousands of spear
pillars shot up from the black sea in a radius of several hundred
meters.

"Hk!"

No, as I continued flying at full speed, the range of the spear pillars
grew over several kilometers. I managed to escape from the hundreds of
thousands of black spears, but Sylberthal, who had erased them with a
swing of her arm, came straight towards me.

"Hahaha! You're pretty fast! How about this?"

The space around me warped, and hundreds of black spears came charging
at me.

"‘Holy Sword’!"

My golden magic sword glowed, and with one swing, I annihilated the
black spears. I then swung the sword and fired the holy light that was
wrapped around the blade towards Sylberthal.

‘Nya’

The blow from the Holy Sword, which had forced even Rinne (weakened)
back, was blocked by the rippling black sea and did not reach
Sylberthal.

"Hooh! That chilled me to the bone."

"Thank you..."

Moreover, those black spears are the same kind as my \[Night Spear\],
and although they don't have much magical power, perhaps due to years of
experience, there is an abnormally large number of them, making them
extremely efficient.

This subspace... She said it was the same kind as my \[Lost Eden\], but
it's possible that this subspace itself is "Sylberthal".

We demons and spirits are spiritual beings. That doesn't change even if
we manifest and have physical bodies as vessels.

Physical beings die when their bodies are destroyed, but demons, on the
other hand, don't die even if their vessels are destroyed. They are
simply forcibly sent back to the demon world, losing most of their
power, but they retain their sense of self and are reconstituted in the
depths of the demon world.

For a demon to be destroyed completely, it must be defeated without a
vessel or lose all its magic power. If that happens, its consciousness
will also disappear and it will be reconstituted as a lowest-ranking
demon in the depths of the demon world.

In a battle between demons, it becomes a matter of eroding each other's
existence...

However, if you can recover your consciousness before it disperses, you
have a high probability of regaining your sense of self.

So this place is Sylberthal's magical power reserve. Isn't it like a
part of her? If she uses this, she should be able to revive immediately
even if her vessel is destroyed.

I should try doing the same... if I get the chance.

And there's also a strange power coming from the bottom of the sea…

"It's dark in here, isn't it? Don't stare around like that."

Sylberthal said this because I was looking around.

"I would like to brighten this place too, but it's difficult to do so
constantly. Unfortunately, there's nothing I can do but eliminate the
'night' of the mortal world and create a world that is always bright to
alleviate my boredom."

"Eliminate the night...?"

This guy has started saying something outrageous.

Are you saying you want to get rid of night and make the world daytime
only? And just because she can't immediately light up the Demon Realm or
her subspace? There's no way that's possible... Ah.

"Did you notice? You saw the Holy Church. The experiment has already
been done. All that's left is to do it on a large scale. If you
cooperate, we can do it immediately—"

"——'Holy Spear'——"

The Holy Spear I launched interrupted Sylberthal's words, disappearing
as it was blocked by the waves in front of her.

"Sylberthal... living creatures will disappear."

There's no way living creatures can survive in a world of only daytime.
The temperature will rise constantly, the atmospheric pressure will
fluctuate, storms will sweep the world, and all creatures except those
in the deep sea will become extinct.

But even when I said that, Sylberthal laughed joyfully.

"You're such a worrier. Don't worry, my dear child. This world, and your
previous world, as I recall, has already gone extinct once or twice.
Each time, I gave wisdom to the handful that remained, so there
shouldn't be any problems, right?"

"…………"

For her, the 'world' is like an aquarium...

It can't be helped... I'll have to brace myself.

"Oh?"

Sylberthal's voice was filled with suspicion.

I folded my wings and descended to the black sea. Using my magical power
to brush aside the wriggling waves that tried to cling around me and
erode me, I walked silently towards Sylberthal.

"…………"

"What's wrong? Are you finished playing?"

Just a few more steps... If we reached out to each other, our hands
would touch. As Sylberthal smiled happily, I made my final 'gamble'.

"——'Holy King Sword'——"

"What?!"

This was the first time I'd heard Sylberthal's voice of surprise.

The final secret plan I had been thinking about ever since I decided to
fight her.

Sylberthal had created chimeras to destroy the demon world and the
spirit world. Rose, who had made it happen, may have been weak, but
really was a true genius.

If it were possible to harness the powers of both demons and spirits
through humans as a medium, then could I use the attributes of the
"human" me to convert demonic magical power into spirit power?

If all of that spiritual power could be transformed into the \[Holy\]
attribute—

But that alone is not enough. I also need a medium to use it. But that's
been solved. That's why Nia entrusted it to me at that time.

The holy sword used by the hero—

"Nuuu!"

My holy magical power created a blade of light using the Golden Demon
Sword as a medium. However, its range was limited to the length of the
sword.

So now is the time to take advantage of Sylberthal's carelessness.

The blade of the Holy King Sword clashed with Sylberthal's black hair,
scattering sparks violently.

"Let's go!"

"Nuaa!"

Finally, the light of the Holy King Sword pierced through the black
hair. With this much holy power—

"Guh!"

The golden blade, lit with holy light, pierced her heart, and she spat
out blood with an incredulous look on her face.

"That was unfortunate."

"…………"

Emerging from Sylberthal's black hair was the figure of the First Prince
Gino, who had been caught up in the battle between demons, battered and
weakened, and impaled by my sword.

"He was also one of the children I chose once. So I brought him here to
die with the woman he desired, but well, he served a good purpose in the
end. I really thought I would die for the first time in thousands of
years, but as expected of a 'human'. You were a good shield for the holy
attribute."

Pakin!!

The golden magic sword, which had exceeded its limit, shattered, and as
I knelt, Gino's body, which was being held by Sylberthal, withered and
collapsed before my eyes, and Sylberthal chewed his soul as if it were a
bean snack.

"What's wrong, Yurushia? Can't you stand? Even if you have a human body,
if you're a demon and have holy attributes inside, your body will be in
tatters, right? You've done something reckless."

"…………"

As I was on my knees and unable to move, Sylberthal grabbed me by the
neck and lifted me up with one hand. In her other hand, she held a skull
cup filled with sweet black wine.

"This is the end. No, it's just the beginning. Don't refuse this time,
okay? If you drink this, your body will heal instantly, and both your
body and mind will be dyed by me, and you will be reborn as my true
'child'."

"…………"

As I suspected, if I drank it, I would be eaten away from the inside and
absorbed by Sylberthal.

But... no matter what happens, I can't drink it now.

"Hmm?"

Sylberthal tilted her head slightly when I grasped her right arm with
both hands.

And when I looked up, Sylberthal saw my face and instinctively tried to
release me.

"Kuaaahhhhhhh!"

Sylberthal's right arm instantly rotted and turned into bone, and she
severed it without hesitation to distance herself from me, pouring the
sweet black wine from the cup onto the wound on her arm and her face.

"Nuaaaaaaaaaahhhhh..."

This time, it wasn't an act, but a deathly cry of pain. Sylberthal, who
had thrown away the empty cup and was groaning, pressing her face with
her left hand, gradually shifting her groans into a low, echoing laugh
that reverberated from the depths of the earth.

"...Hahahahahaha, you did it... Yurushia."

Even after discarding her severely eroded right arm, the aftermath had
horribly burned the right half of Sylberthal's face.

"Such pain... I haven't felt this in thousands... no, tens of thousands
of years. It will probably take several thousand years to recover...
You've really done well... Yurushia."

"…………"

...I couldn't kill her. Ah, no, no, I shouldn't be fighting someone with
such a cheat-like existence.

That was practically my last trump card... Even the Holy King Sword,
which would normally be my ultimate trump card, was just a bluff attack.

Just now... that was the power of the \[True Demon Lord\] within me.

The power of pure destruction. Of course, nothing can control such a
thing.

Even now, in order to protect my sense of self from the mental
contamination of the \[True Demon Lord\] who is trying to turn me into a
weapon of pure destruction, I've detached a part of my mind, and the
strain is concentrated in my body, causing both of my arms to continue
to disintegrate, leaving me unable to move.

"Yurushia... I won't welcome you as my child anymore. I will treat you
as my 'enemy', and as a reward for reminding me of the sensation of
pain, I will show you my 'power'..."

Finally, Sylberthal—the oldest \[Demon Lord\]—is getting serious.

I guess she won't let her guard down anymore...

"——Behold. \[Yaomatobi\]——"

What is that... a name? At that moment, a giant light appeared behind
Sylberthal- no, a light as strong as the sun itself.

This power... this intimidation... Could it be... no, wait, it can't be,
how can... why is a demon and this...

"Do you understand? Even I can't merge with it, but I have given it the
name \[Yaomatobi\], and it has become my subordinate, the \[Spirit King
of Light\]."

"……!"

I thought so... but that's impossible.

As spiritual beings, \[Demons\] and \[Spirits\] are opposites... of the
highest rank of them, the Spirit Kings, who were born at the same time
as this world, there are only six types and six pillars.

One of them... the \[Spirit King of Light\] who rules the \[Day\] of
this world...

Why... is a Spirit King obeying a demon?

Could it be that by eliminating "night" from this world...

"You must have seen it too, right? How the night of the Holy Church has
almost disappeared. Well, although I'll miss you, it's boring to just
keep boasting about myself, isn't it? It's time to say goodbye."

Even thouse she had lost an arm and half of her face was burned, she was
filled with an uncanny beauty and power.

Sylberthal, an absolute powerhouse, pointed a white finger at me and
moved it slightly, and a scorching light was emitted from the Light
Spirit King.

"………"

With a final flick of my fingertips, the Spirit King's light incinerated
me without leaving a trace behind.

\*

Sylberthal lazily tilted her head in boredom as she dodged the
needle-like thing that Yurushia flicked with her finger.

"I thought she would do something at the end, but she's a bit of a
letdown."

A strange demon who had instantly become a higher-ranking demon upon
birth and had even inflicted pain on her.

Ideally, she would have wanted to make her one of her subordinates, but
perhaps due to her attributes as a \[Demon Beast\], she was a bit too
tomboy-ish to be considered a "daughter."

"Well, it can't be helped. Etincelle and Neige will probably ascend to
that level in a few hundred years. I don't know if they'll ever become
that strange, though."

Pish!

"Hooh..."

Sylberthal turned around joyfully at the sound that suddenly came from
behind.

"So you've come. And yet, to know he was here and not call out for
help... Truly, she was quite strange."

Countless cracks ran from the "needle" that had pierced the space
behind, and a giant, pitch-black beast—the \[Dark Beast\] Rinne—leaped
in, breaking through them.

“You bastard!!! Did you break our promise!? Where did you take
Yurushia!!!”

Scattering violent energy from his entire body, Rinne let out a
blood-curdling roar.

"Since she struck my hand, what can I do? I did try, you know. It's not
a contract with a human, but a verbal promise between demons. For the
sake of my face, please forgive me."

With half of her face burned, Sylberthal laughed cheerfully as Rinne
roared in anger.

“I won't forgive you, Sylberthal! Perish here!!!”

"Very well... \[Dark Beast\]. Don't think you can defeat me in my
domain."

＊＊＊

"...Master?"

Yurushia's servants had been scattered outside the Holy Church by
Sylberthal's maids. Originally, those maids should have been with them,
but they managed to avoid jumping to the same spot by resisting at the
last moment.

The four of them immediately tried to return to their master, but on the
way, they sensed the "disappearance" of their mother and creator,
Yurushia.

"...Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!"

The wails of demons echoed through the deep forest, and the four Arch
Demons transformed into their true, monstrous forms.

And so... the Arch Demons' revenge against the Church began.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0023.md)

