[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0005.md)



# Chapter 4: Our Journey Has Begun (2)

"Mom... I got kicked out of the Hero's party."

"What?!"

"Rose, pass the salt over there."

"You can do that yourself... here you go, salt. I don't know how you can
eat so much green onion. I'm done."

"You can eat almost anything if you just sprinkle salt on it. It's bad
to leave food, you know? I'll give you some dried squid, so don't
complain."

"...Fine."

Although she was grumbling under her breath, Rose took the dried squid
while looking a bit on edge.

Even Rose, an Arch Demon who had lived for over a hundred years, had
never thought of seasoning human food with souls. It was only after Noah
had established the technique with his \[Emission\] ability in our
company that we could do such a thing. When Rose first tasted our
product, she was overwhelmed with emotion.

Also, it's not really that important, but Rose usually speaks in a
pretty arrogant tone, and when she goes out she forces herself to speak
like a young lady, so sometimes I find myself wanting to ask her who the
hell she is.

"Mark, how did that happen...? Weren't you recognized by the church as
having a mysterious power, and then the Hero came to pick you up?"

"...Well, I was trying my best to be useful to the Hero, but I was told
I was too weak and was just getting in the way."

Rose, who had been silently eating the dried squid, suddenly stood up
and said, "I've discovered something! If you alternate the green onion
and the octopus, put them on skewers, and lightly grill them, the
flavors of both will blend together, making it delicious!"

"Negi-ma..." (TN: 'negi' for green onion, 'ma' referring to the dried
squid)

No, in this case, there's more green onion, so it's more like tama? Does
the quantity matter? Wasn't the original dish a hot pot, not grilled
skewers?

"Lady Yurushia, anticipating something like this, I simmered the green
onions with the dried squid. Please try it."

No, Noah. What kind of anticipation were you having? Oh, but it's
actually not bad. The harmony of the grilled green onions, the
concentrated umami of the squid, and the fresh bandit soul spreads in my
mouth.  
  
Even a cheap soul, when combined with good ingredients, can be
surprisingly delicious.

"Fufu, this is all thanks to me. Be grateful."

"Yes, yes. I'll pay you a margin when we commercialize it. How much do
you want?"

"I don't need it."

Oh, she's back to her usual tone.

"Getting in the way...? There's no way the Hero would say something like
that. You weren't taking it seriously, were you?"

"That's not true! It's just that it's a waste to pay a share to someone
who isn't very useful..."

"Moreover, it's strange for us XXX people to be so attached to worldly
money."

Rose, muttering something that sounded like a diss directed at me while
vaguely referring to "demons" in the spirit language, was suddenly
grabbed by the head by Tina from behind.

"How dare you speak to my Master like that?"

"It, it hurts, it's going to break, it's really going to break!"

Rose screamed as a creaking sound, not metaphorical but real, came from
her head. Though they are both Arch Demons, Tina's power after being
modified is far greater, so Rose couldn't shake her off.

Also, as a reminder, Rose is a princess, so I should usually be more
careful with my words.

By the way, it may seem like we are quite noisy, but we're speaking in
low voices, so we weren't disturbing the restaurant.

Seriously, you two, could you please be quiet at least during meals?
Follow the example of Geas and Onza, who are silently eating a massive
amount of green onions while keeping an eye on Rose on either side of
her. It's cute that for some reason only the two of them have alcohol in
front of them.

Onza was drinking sake with a skewer of green onions, sprinkled with
coarse salt, as a snack, in a very refined way, but he looks like a
rabbit.

These two eat anything without discrimination, be it the souls of
bandits or whatever, and their Arch Demon powers, which were initially
low, have been steadily increasing. It's amusing to see Rose, who is
being watched by them, becoming more and more savage as a result.

"...Hey, aren't you guys going to worry about that over there?"

We heard a voice from the next table, sounding a bit exasperated. It was
Axel. I hadn't noticed him because we usually ate separately.

Indeed, there seemed to be a strange story unfolding nearby.

To summarise what I had heard here and there and what is still ongoing—

Mark, the innkeeper's son, had been recognized by the church as having
special powers and had been invited to join a hero's party that had
heard about him. However, being a villager, he was too weak to be useful
in battle and was fired from the hero's party over a dispute about the
distribution of funds.

Well, it's a pretty common cliche these days. I feel a bit sorry for
him, and I don't have sympathy for those selfish heroes.

"Does it have anything to do with us?"

"...No, it doesn't."

Axel seemed to understand after thinking about it. Well, now that we've
finished consuming a massive amount of green onions, let's leave before
we get caught up in anything.

"Ma'am, excuse me..."

"Oh, I'm sorry for making such a noise! I'll give you something extra as
an apology."

"I'm sorry, customers. I'll make something!"

Before I could say "the bill," the landlady interrupted me, and Mark,
the boy in question, rushed into the kitchen in a panic.

"…………"

"Well, then. I'm going ahead."

Without a second thought, Axel settled the bill and headed back to the
inn. We had no choice but to grab Rose, who was about to follow Axel,
and gently returned her to her seat.

Even as demons, we can't always do as we please. Just as ordinary demons
need to make contracts with the creatures of this world in order to
exist, and their abilities are limited by the terms of those contracts,
I have no restrictions on my existence, but I am bound to a certain
extent by human "common sense."

"Sorry to keep you waiting"

While I was thinking and trying to escape reality, the young boy, Mark,
returned with an additional serving—another mountain of green onions.
More green onions!

"...Hmm?!"

But the moment I took a bite, I was surprised by the difference in
taste.

What is this... it tastes delicious. Offering? No, that's not it. An
added effect? When I eat it, I feel like I gain some kind of power, and
as a demon, I find that to be delicious.

If the taste of a soul is like a rich doughnut fried in oil, the taste
of what Mark made is like a delicate umami of flatfish marinated in
kelp. ...What kind of analogy is this?

"Please enjoy your meal."

"Wait a minute."

After serving the food, young Mark looked relieved, and was about to
return, when I called out to him. Nia and Fannie, smiling, grabbed his
arms from either side.

"Wh-what are you doing?"

The young boy Mark—though I keep calling him a boy, he's probably a
little older than me, just past adulthood—was bewildered as he was
grabbed by the arms by two beautiful girls of a similar age. Though his
mouth protested, his body honestly couldn't help but grin.

"Did you make this?"

"Y-yes."

Mark's face twitched as he saw my face for the first time. ...That's
strange. Why is he only scared of me?

Well, whatever. Or rather, I'm used to it.

"You're the innkeeper's son who was invited to a hero's party, right? I
heard you got fired."

"Yes, that's right..."

Mark's face clouded over again as he remembered that fact.

"That doesn't matter."

"It doesn't matter...?"

You're quite sensitive, aren't you? To Mark, whose face was once again
gloomy, I casually made an offer.

"Would you like to work for me? I want to hire you as a cook."

"…………Eh!?"


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0005.md)

