[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0009.md)



# Chapter 8: The Magnificent Everyday Life of a Demon God (3)

"So, Mark, do you have any feelings about them?"

"N-no, I'm fine..."

I was thinking of using the hero party in this area to thwart the
church's evil deeds... ahem, I mean, to expose the church's wrongdoings
since the church, which is under the influence of the Sylber Kingdom,
treated my newly hired cook, Mark, so poorly. However, if Mark, the
victim himself, doesn't seem to hold a grudge, then I don't plan to go
that far.

...Besides, they didn't look very appetizing at first glance.

Having tasted the extraordinary deliciousness of that beautiful woman
and the older sister I used to admire, I'm not very interested in
something as bland as a bowl of ramen that overflows.

...It's truly a pity that I failed to completely cultivate my older
sister. I've come to understand that the right environment is really
important for cultivation.

Anyway, when I asked Mark again after we had taken a room at the inn, he
said he didn't hold a grudge against the heroes.

"Really?"

"…………"

A loser like him... No, a quiet person like him won't express his true
feelings clearly. I feel like a persistent elementary school teacher
trying to get to the bottom of the bullying, but this is probably also
because Mark thinks the heroes are stronger than me.

Well, normally you'd think that a hero would have more power and status
than some rich young lady.

"Spit it out, maggot."

"Yes! I think it would be good for Clara and the others to learn about
the harshness of the world!"

"...."

Instead of me, Mark straightened his back and answered firmly in
response to Tina's words.

It seems I'm not cut out to be a teacher. I've been leaving Mark's
education to Tina for a while now, and I'm glad they've settled into a
good boss-subordinate relationship.

But why does Mark seem to be enjoy being scolded?

"Lady Yurushia, I have something to report."

Noah, who had been investigating Clara and the others, returned. Now
that we have a plan of action, let's corner the heroes.

If it were the old me, I wouldn't have used such a roundabout method,
but there's a reason why I'm not getting involved directly.

Leaving aside Axel, who probably doesn't know the inside story of the
Church, Rose, who is a demon, is behaving quietly for now, but she has a
contract with the Queen of Sylber, so we don't know when or where she
might turn on us.

　As for me, I need the Queen of Sylber to underestimate me.

The Queen, who creates chimeras using spirits and demons, and who
modified the Arch Demon Rose, doing things that spirits and demons would
never tolerate.

Based on that, I couldn't immediately believe that such a person
existed, but if the Queen's "true identity" is as I expected, then I can
understand Rinne's actions.

One of the \[Demon Lords\] who rules the demon world, Sylberthal, the
\[Mad Princess\]...

This one is pretty bad. I know it sounds stupid, but she seems pretty
broken and her actions are unpredictable. She's much more dangerous
compared to that... Hi... Hira... Hirahira.

Rinne is probably being restrained by Sylberthal. ...I think he did it
because he was thinking of me, but I can't just leave someone like that
alone.

But it would be dangerous to confront her head-on... So I need to
steadily whittle down Sylberthal's military strength.

My forces consist of six Arch Demon-class beings. I think there are
about 3,000 high-rank and low-rank demons, but Sylberthal has leeway to
use the Arch Demon Rose as an errand girl, and I don't know how many
chimeras of high-rank or higher rank there are.

Dealing with a madman without morals is such a hassle.... Fannie, did
you just look away from me?

The reason for meddling with the Church this time is largely to destroy
the system and stop them from supplying Chimera materials to the Sylber
Kingdom. It's not revenge for meddling with the Holy Kingdom. Really.

I was a little annoyed at that time, but honestly speaking, I don't
really care about Clara's attitude now, except for the matter with Mark.
To be even more honest, I don't care at all.

Now that I've left the Holy Kingdom, my thinking is more demonic, so a
moderate amount of malice is as pleasant as sunlight filtering through
the trees in spring.

However, it seems that my servants have no intention of forgiving Clara
and the others for the disparaging remarks they made about me. Let's
hear Noah's report for now.

"That idiot seems to be quite strapped for cash. Even though she's a
hero and her companions have the strength of hero-class individuals,
they can't seem to keep up with their expenses, even if they're looting
ruins."

"Hmm..."

When I glanced at young Mark, he flinched and looked away, but

"Answer her, insect."

"Yes! Clara loves noble parties and bought a lot of dresses! She didn't
wear the same dress twice, so I secretly sold them to turn them into
funds, but I think she's probably throwing them away now!"

Mark told me that, reading my intentions from my gaze. ...And why is he
so scared of me?

Maybe it's not because Clara is stronger, but because he's afraid of me
and won't say it clearly?

Given Clara's extravagant appearance, I assumed she was facing financial
difficulties, like a middle-class noblewoman trying to keep up
appearances, but that ended up being pretty much the case, which is a
bit of a letdown.

"If you're worried about being short on money, at least buy a good
weapon."

"I really think so..."

Even young Mark agrees.

But it seems like we can attack her from a financial standpoint. Then we
need to make her realize how important mark is and make her
self-destruct.

Here's the plan:

        Make money using young Mark's abilities.

        Make Clara and her companions spend money in the process,
driving them further into debt.

        Make them realize how necessary Mark's abilities are to the
party and make them desperate.

        By skillfully provoking them, drive Clara and her companions to
go berserk, and make it a responsibility issue for the church that
recognized Clara as a hero, thus damaging the church's authority.

        If the hero's reputation is not tarnished, simultaneously bribe
people in the church, causing a rift between the church and the heroes
and making them enemies.

        If possible, replace the top people in the church with those
I've bribed.

…Yeah. Even I think it was a sloppy plan.

Who's the top of the church? Is there anyone I can bribe in a church
that's controlled by the Sylber Kingdom? There are probably a lot of
other things to criticize.

"Besides, does this mitochondria even have the ability to make money?"

Tina's criticism is met with a deep nod from young Mark himself, who was
the one being dissed.

That was the first thing that came to my mind when I found out about
young Mark's ability. I can't believe that Clara and the others, who
have lived a life so closely related to it, didn't realize it.

But if I teach him that, he might be able to earn money more easily than
the wages I'm paying him, and there's a possibility that he'll quit his
job after this plan is over, but I guess there's nothing I can do about
it.

"So, can you go buy what I'm about to tell you?"

＊＊＊

"That Mark, I can't forgive him for betraying Clara just because his
employer is beautiful."

"That's right. Even though she's such a beautiful girl, she's no match
for Clara's charisma."

"He's such a fool to be surrounded by so many beautiful women."

"The girl in the other carriage was beautiful too. I can't forgive
Mark."

"This is no time for that kind of talk!"

A few days after reuniting with Mark, the Hero's companions still called
him a traitor, even though they had kicked him out of the party. Seeing
that their insults were going in the wrong direction, the Hero Clara
couldn't help but speak up.

Clara had also declared that she would take Mark back after that
conversation, but she didn't have any real plan, and now that she was
broke, she couldn't do anything.

In the end, the party's financial situation hasn't improved at all.
While Mark was around, they could manage somehow, but now they're
struggling to buy even the essentials for their adventures.

One might think that if they didn't have money, they could simply stop
buying luxuries for a while, but people trusted Clara a little too much
as a hearo, and she already owed money to several merchants.

The amount was 50 large gold coins, enough to buy a small house with a
garden in cash, and because she wasn't worried about the interest rate,
the debt continued to grow.

"Y-yeah, let's prepare for the next step.""

"But isn't this magic potion expensive? Wasn't it two silver coins
before?"

"...It's doubled."

"Hey, shopkeeper, what's going on?"

Potions. They were medicines made with magic and alchemy, and if you
drank a potion that cost about one silver coin, even a minor wound or
cold could be healed in a few minutes.

For more serious injuries or illnesses, one would have to rely on a
church with a healer who could use sacred magic, but for ordinary
people, it was an indispensable item that could be used easily.

In the hero's party, the cleric (shota) can use holy magic, but it has
limits. Therefore, it's customary for everyone to carry high-grade
healing potions for emergencies, as well as multiple mana recovery
potions.

However, while the shelves of the store were lined with potions for
ordinary travelers, such as cold and wound remedies, the prices of
high-grade potions and magic recovery potions had all risen.

Clara, who was careless with money despite her extravagance, looked
bewildered, but when the mage, who frequently used magic recovery
potions in particular, raised his voice, the shopkeeper came over and
sighed lightly.

"Ah, is it this? Recently, there's been a lot of buying up of high-grade
potions and magic recovery potions. The alchemy guild is also running
out of stock. But on the other hand, we've managed to get this product
in, so it's okay."

"Huh? I understand that there's a shortage, but what's with this price?
Is this a rip-off?"

"Absolutely not! It's very effective. The effect is about 30-40% higher,
but it's not something you use a lot of, and it's better to have less
because it's lighter."

"That's true, but..."

For the average traveler, it would be better to have one potion with a
higher effect. The doubled price would certainly hurt their wallets, but
for travelers who only carried a few bottles just in case, some of them
would appreciate it.

However, the mage and cleric of the hero's party, who used a lot of
them, frowned at the price difference, although they were grateful that
it was lighter.

"The alchemy guild... They're taking advantage of the situation to do
something shady..."

"Let's go to the guild directly!"

As the mage and cleric were discussing this, the shopkeeper interrupted.

"Oh, this potion isn't sold by the Alchemy Guild, but by a traveling
merchant. Apparently she's a beautiful blonde young lady."

"""What!?"""


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0009.md)

