[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0019.md)



# Chapter 18: Queen Sylberthal

A month has passed since I started saving people who were difficult to
cure in the Sylber Kingdom, and I've finally turned 14. I'll be
considered an adult in just another year.

I've grown quite a bit, haven't I? I'm 163 centimeters tall now... I
haven't grown much since last year? Maybe I'm about to stop growing?

Oh, no... I want at least another 5 centimeters. No, it's okay. I'm only
14, so I should still be able to grow in many ways. ...Unlike Tina.

I'm currently in a certain marquisate, one of the secondary capitals
located about ten days by carriage from the royal capital of the Church.

What? You're wondering why, since Gino asked to meet me? Of course, I
can't just leave sick and injured people behind.

I think the Queen is probably getting impatient and has instructed Gino
to call me back to the royal capital, or maybe Gino, who wants to
outsmart the Queen, is planning a dramatic engagement announcement as
soon as I turn 14... But I have no intention of coordinating my schedule
with the Queen, who called me to the Holy Church and then didn't meet
with me.

"Haha, Lady Yurushia, your revenge is so petty."

"Fufu, it's important to do things little by little, Fannie."

Well, I certainly don't think there's another \[Demon God\] out there
who would stoop to such petty harassment...

We were elegantly drinking tea while chatting about such trivial things
in a rented suite on the top floor of a luxurious inn in the Marquis's
territory.

As expected of a high-class suite. The price of three large gold coins
per night is no joke, and the interior and furniture are on par with a
royal palace, with three dedicated servants and a dedicated chef in the
private kitchen on standby 24 hours a day.

Sure, I have money, and I did ask for a room that was befitting of my
status, but spending this much constantly is unsustainable. When I
mentioned this to Noah, who had arranged the hotel, he just grinned and
told me that our assets were actually increasing.

What's going on...

The only ones in this unnecessarily large room are me, Fannie, and the
teddy bear, Geas, who is rolling around on the fluffy carpet. Also,
young Mark is training in the kitchen.

The others are out on errands, but I have a certain amount of trust in
Noah, despite his demonic nature. However, I have no idea what Tina and
Nia are up to.

The one I don't understand the most is Onza, the rabbit. He shook his
head sadly when he saw the expensive liquor at the bar counter in the
room. I wouldn't be surprised if he's drinking some cheap, barely
alcoholic beverage at a working-class bar right now.

I don't understand why a moving rabbit plushie can get along so will
over a drink with workers at a cheap bar.

Oh? Someone seems to be coming back.

"Lady Yurushia, I've just returned."

"Welcome back, Noah. So, was there any progress?"

"Yes, there are two official requests for meetings and three unofficial
ones. Shall I schedule them for you?"

"Yes, please."

Noah grinned, and I grinned back. ...Um, I think he means the nobles who
have been trying to get close to me, right?

Well, shall I show them my "demonic" side?

＊＊＊

Recently, Princess Yurushia, the goodwill ambassador of the Holy Kingdom
of Taliterudo, has been making waves in the Sylber Kingdom.  
  
Her father is an Archduke and the King's younger brother, and she
herself has a claim to the throne. As the Saint who defeated the Daemon
King, it is said that there is hardly anyone who does not know of her,
making her one of the most famous people on this continent.

While she is also viewed as dangerous because of her influence, she is
still just a young girl who hasn't even reached adulthood, barely 14
years old.

Certainly, her beauty is truly worthy of the title "Golden Princess,"
and it was enough to take one's breath away, however, the current Queen
of the Sylber Kingdom was no less beautiful.

The nobles of the Sylber Kingdom had dismissed her as merely a beautiful
"doll," believing that the great deeds attributed to her were merely
exaggerated propaganda from the Holy Kingdom. But she traveled to
various parts of the Sylber Holy Church, bestowing the charity of a
saint, and provided great healing to patients who were on the verge of
death, even those whom the healers of the Holy Church had given up on.

Moreover, she did not ask for anything in return, healing hundreds of
people a day. With such truly saintly actions, those who had been
critical of the Holy Kingdom were silenced, and the people praised her.

If that were all, then people would flock to her, trying to take
advantage of the good-natured saint, and those who disliked her would
scheme to trap her, but for some reason this didn't happen.

There was once a noble who hated Yurushia and tried to slander her by
poisoning the patients she had healed. But none of the people sent by
that noble returned, and those who approached her with ulterior motives
became her obedient "followers" the next day.

As her reputation grew within the Sylber Kingdom, rumors of an
engagement between her and Gino, the First Prince, began to circulate,
and it was said that Princess Yurushia would be the next "Queen of the
Holy Church."

If that were to happen, even the upper-ranking nobles who had kept a
certain distance would be forced to take action.

She was, in a sense, a double-edged sword, like a work of art. If
touched carelessly, she would cut one's hand, but if one hesitated, one
would miss out on a great opportunity.

Moreover, judging by those who tried to use her, her blade was
poisonous.

The Marquis of Scala, the lord of the Scala territory, one of the ten
subsidiary cities of the Sylber Kingdom and the largest resort area,
requested a meeting with Princess Yurushia, who had been staying at a
high-class resort hotel in his territory for several days.

Normally, when a noble visits another noble's territory, they would
first greet the lord.  
  
If the visitor was a higher-ranking noble, the lord might even come out
to greet them. However, even though a guide sent from the Sylber Kingdom
had come to greet her, Princess Yurushia went straight to the infirmary,
guided by the people who welcomed her, ignoring the marquis.

It would have been appropriate for Marquis Scala to greet her first,
since she was a royal princess from another country and a goodwill
ambassador. However, she was not yet an adult and was currently only the
daughter of an archduke.

Moreover, by not greeting the other nobles, she was practically
declaring that she did not need the protection of Marquis Scala in this
territory.

Although he was indignant at this treatment, Marquis Scala had no choice
but to meet with Princess Yurushia.

He requested a meeting, and the butler's reply was to come at the date
and time specified by Marquis Scala.

Out of spite, he took about 10 of his most skilled knights with him, but
it seemed that all of Princess Yurushia's attendants were of \[Hero
Class\]. The silent intimidation of the young knight and the young
butler who greeted them prevented any of the knights from entering the
hotel.

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Marquis Scala. I apologize for the
inconvenience, since there are so many people who need my healing."

"N-No, not at all, Your Highness."

Marquis Scala's anger and contempt were melted away by her smile, and he
felt his heart pounding uncontrollably at the sight of her beauty, which
seemed to glow faintly.

If his trusted attendant had not coughed lightly, he might have
continued staring at her until his soul was sucked out.

At the same time, Marquis Scala felt a chill. He felt something great
and similar to the Queen of the Sylber Kingdom in this girl before him.

If she were just a beautiful doll to be controlled by Prince Gino,
despite her fame and power, there would have been no problem.

In that case, he would have been willing to fully support her, joining
Prince Gino's faction and making Yurushia the next Queen.

But if this beautiful doll had the same power as the Queen, then things
were different. If she were a princess of the Sylber Kingdom, he would
have given his life to make her Queen. But Yurushia was a royal of an
enemy country.

There's no way that Prince Gino, who is merely talented, could control
this princess.

As a member of the Church's high-ranking nobility and a follower of the
Church's goddess, the Queen, Marquis Scala decided that he must assess
Eurcia.

"Princess... what are you trying to accomplish in the Holy Church?"

Yurushia smiled softly at the marquis, who was prepared to harm her here
and now if necessary, for the sake of the Queen and Kingdom.

"I wish for the people of the Sylber Kingdom to live happily."

"...And there's will of the Holy Kingdom behind that?"

"It would be nice if we could join hands, but that would be diffcult,
wouldn't it?"

"That's true..."

Yurushia's smile and voice gradually eroded Marquis Scala's resolve.

"Let's have a more substantive conversation."

"......"

Marquis Scala tried to discern the truth in Yurushia's words, but his
mind seemed clouded.

He had conducted research to counter the \[Charm\] of the former First
Princess, using his own intelligence network, and had taken some
countermeasures. But his counter-magic had no effect on Yurushia's
voice, which seemed to seep into his soul, and erode it gradually.

"I have no particular thoughts about the 'Sylber Kingdom'. The future of
the Holy Church is something that people like Prince Gino and Marquis
Scala, who care about the country, will decide. And don't you think it
would be ideal if the person lending their support was the most suitable
person?"

"That's... right..."

Her voice made his head blur, and behind him, the Marquis' most trusted
subordinate fell to his knees as if he had become dizzy.

"Hey, Marquis Scala,"

Yurushia, who had been sitting on the sofa opposite him a moment ago,
was now sitting beside Marquis Scala, placing her hand on his cheek and
looking into his eyes.

"Your daughter, Eva, trusts in me, doesn't she?"

"...!"

Marquis Scala gasped at Yurushia's words.

Although his only daughter, Eva, appeared to have no problems in her
daily life, she seemed to be suffering from some lifelong illness. Her
mother, his wife, had shaken her head and refused to tell him anything
about it, saying that she didn't want men to know, but because of this
she hasn't even been able to find a fiancé.

Could it be that she could cure his beloved daughter's illness? Or
perhaps his daughter was already cured because she believed in Yurushia?

How did she find out about his daughter, and when did she meet her?

While he was amazed at her skill, he was even more moved by Yurushia's
compassionate smile. Unlike the Queen, who seemed cold, even though she
was the same as the Queen, Yurushia was truly a saint, and he was
willing to entrust everything to her, so he took her hand in tears.

"Please... please, take care of my daughter and the Holy Church..."

"Yes, I understand."

Marquis Scala knelt before Yurushia in submission, grasped her hand with
both of his, and placed his forehead on her hand.

The meeting ended peacefully, and as Marquis Scala was about to leave
the room with his recovered attendant, Yurushia called out to him.

"By the way... would you like me to sooth your scalp as well?"

＊＊＊

Well, since I was at it, I suggested that I might as well bring darkness
to Marquis Scala's shining scalp, and he prostrated himself before me
before skipping away.

At first, I was a bit concerned when I saw his face and thought he was
about to have a heart attack, but after that, he calmed down easily, and
for some reason, he said he would increase my number of followers from
now on... I wonder if donations will increase again.

"Hey, Tina. The girl we met yesterday, she's the daughter of that man,
right?"

"That's correct. She is the one to whom Master bestowed the secret
technique that makes your heart race."

Tina said it proudly for some reason.

I healed the girl who Tina brought from her "Society of the Saint who
makes your heart race," and if that's what made Marquis Scala trust me,
he must have been really worried.

Maybe I went a bit too far...?

It seems like his whole family is about to become my followers, but is
that okay?

With this, the high-ranking noble families that control three of the ten
secondary cities have now sided with me.

I think it's difficult to go any further than this at the moment. I
guess I'll have to rely on Gino's skills, but I think I'm about to get
yelled at by Gino for ignoring the Queen's audience.

That same day, we left the resort in the Scala Marquisate and headed to
the royal capital.

As expected, Gino, who had run out of patience, came to pick me up in a
high-speed carriage, and I was forced to go straight to the royal
castle, sitting opposite him with a grimace on his face.

"My plan also requires your cooperation. To have the Queen recognize the
relationship between you and me, we still need more preparation."

Gino has become a lot more open with me now.

Perhaps that's how confident he is in his skills. He honestly believes
that I believe that "sweet lie" and that he will join forces with me,
the one he loves, for the sake of the Church, and work together to make
it a success.

"Oh, but isn't it important to be accepted by the people, including Her
Majesty the Queen?"

"That's true, but... if they don't accept us, we'll need a justification
to act more forcefully."

For example, military power... or something?

I forced a sweet smile on my face, hiding my twisted expression, without
saying anything.

According to Fannie, his ability is a type of mental interference,
different from Estelle's. It seems like it would be good for covert
operations. He's more of a support type, and he's a bit weak to be the
main character. On the other hand, he's less likely to be wary.

The Queen can draw out skills in humans. Of course, she can even give
new abilities to certain demons by making contracts, but when I tested
Gino, I didn't see any signs of that happening to him.

Moreover, the activation of his abilities is similar to the skill system
I saw in the other world, Tess... This might be the secret of Queen
Sylberthal's power.

"Because of your flashy actions, I've been ordered by the Queen to bring
you back before I'm ready. It would be wise to withdraw after a brief
greeting."

Gino's desire is to take power from the Queen. That's our 'contract', so
I'll cooperate as much as I can, but only to a 'certain extent'.

Demonic contracts are absolute, but even if a mouse asks a demon for a
dragon's heart, the demon can only arrange for the mouse and the dragon
to meet, even if it costs the mouse its entire life.

So I smile gently to reassure Gino.

"Don't worry. I have a plan too."

"...I'm counting on you."

It's tough being a human. They're desperately risking witheir lives
while dancing on the stage of life.

Sylberthal and I are placing our pieces on that board and trying to take
each other down.

Well, I'm just trying to sound cool, but honestly, I'm just harassing
the Queen.

The high-speed carriage, which was specially equipped for the royal
family, was very fast, and we arrived in the royal capital in a few
days. Without even taking a break, we went straight to the depths of the
royal castle, to the temple where the Queen lived.

A human knight standing in front of a huge stone gate, which even
ordinary nobles and even royal princes like Gino were not allowed to
enter without permission, stopped Noah and the other attendants who were
trying to come in with me.

"I'm sorry, but only those who have permission..."

"It's okay. Let them in."

When a woman's voice was heard, the huge gate slowly opened, and four
women dressed in maid uniforms appeared from inside.

"We've been waiting for you, Your Highness Yurushia. Please come this
way."

A beautiful woman in her early twenties with bright red hair bowed to me
only, with a smile on her face.

A woman in her late teens with straight silver hair tied up lightly and
a cold, expressionless face.

A young-looking girl with black hair, dark skin and a demonic smile.

A woman with glasses, her blonde hair tied up neatly, and a nervous,
sullen expression on her face.

All of them were stunningly beautiful, and Gino, who was ignored by the
four maids, distorted his expression, while I took a step forward as if
not noticing.

"May I have your names?"

"I am Etincelle."

"It's Neige."

"I'm Nui."

"...It's Leyon."

"I see. Please guide me."

When I nodded slightly, Etincelle, the red-haired woman, bowed her head
and walked further inside, followed by the other three.

... They are ... \[Arch Demons\].

Moreover, they are incredibly powerful individuals who have lived for
many years, and they are probably close aides of Sylberthal. They are
clearly of a different class than Rose, who is also an Arch Demon.

As if sensing their power, Tina, who had approached silently, whispered
to me in a tense and resentful voice.

"Master... the largest one among us is Fannie."

"...Oh, is that so..."

Tina... your presence is comforting, but don't casually include me like
that.

Guided by the four maids, we walked down a corridor lined with
ten-meter-high stone pillars, and when we reached an open space, Axel,
with a sullen face, and Rose, with a pale face, were already there, as
if they had been summoned already. At the top of about ten steps at the
very back, a woman with long, wavy black hair and dark, terrifyingly
beautiful eyes was looking down at me.

"I've been looking forward to meeting you... \[Demon Princess\]
Yurushia."

"Yes, me too... \[Mad Princess\] Sylberthal."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0019.md)

