[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0004.md)



# Chapter 3: Our Journey Has Begun (1)

The journey has been smooth sailing. No one in the towns we've passed
through has recognized me as Yurushia.  
  
Though, this place is still barely within the Holy Kingdom, and frankly,
it's so rural that I doubt anyone here even knows who I am.  
  
Even though the south was the heart of the rebellion, most people there
didn't even know that there was a civil war.

“Believe and you shall be saved! Believe in the divine being who has
descended upon this world!”

In the town square, a slender woman in her twenties was calling out to
passersby.

Even in a rural place like this, the people of the Holy Kingdom are so
devout. Or maybe it's because places with fewer resources allow people
to believe in God more purely. But it feels different from the state
religion, the Church of Costor, the Goddess of Abundance.

"What's that? Some kind of suspicious new religion?"  
  
"How deplorable. Even the state religion of the Holy Kingdom should
worship our Queen."

Axel and Rose, who are supposed to be at odds, were standing a little
distance away, saying something stupid, but I agree that it's
suspicious.

I wonder if some strange new religion has come from another country? As
a member of the royal family, even if it's just barely, I can't overlook
something like that.

I came to the town's marketplace to take a break, and dressed as a
slightly well-off young lady with a wide-brimmed hat pulled low over my
head, I asked a fruit seller about the religion being preached in the
square.

"Oh, you're a pretty young lady. What is it? I have no idea what god
they worship or what their doctrine is, but my daughter and the tailor's
daughter have joined. But they're polite, and since our family has been
worshiping Lady Costor for generations, they say it's fine to continue
worshiping her, so I've just left it be. But I still don't understand it
very well."

"Hmm..."

It's getting more and more suspicious. They say to believe in God, but
it's okay to believe in other gods as well? And they don't even teach
the name of the god or the doctrine when they preach, it's all very
suspicious. It must be a horrible and terrifying god.

"Oh, that's my daughter."

The old woman gave me some additional information, so I turned my gaze
in that direction. A girl in her late teens, who looked a bit like the
lady, talking to the woman who was preaching with several other girls.

They were just ordinary girls with nothing particularly strange about
them. They didn't seem like the type to get caught up in a strange
religion, but if there was anything, it was that the girls and the woman
all seemed to leave a similar impression.

"………Hmm?"

As I watched them, a girl with blond curly hair and a maid uniform that
I seemed to have seen somewhere appeared and whispered something to
them. They knelt down and looked up at the blond, curly-haired maid with
sparkling eyes, and the maid gave them some black grains that looked
like dried seaweed from her pocket.

"…………"

Huh? What is this...?

I had a feeling that they all seemed to leave a similar impression, but
they all had very slender bodies.

As I stared at them silently with a fixed gaze, the blonde, curly-haired
figure suddenly looked around, spotted me, and trotted over.

"Master, you're here. I’ve finished my business."

"………Hey!"

I quietly distanced myself and, with a running start, punched Tina on
the forehead, sending her flying across the street.

＊＊＊

Who does she think she is, a living god?  
  
Things were getting too complicated in that town, so I decided on my own
to leave. Axel and his merry band of companions were grumbling and
complaining, but Rose managed to calm them down.

No, you two didn't get along, right...? Even though they're human and
demon and siblings in name, maybe there's something they can relate to,
even if they bicker on the surface.

...Huh? A victim's association? I have no idea what you're talking
about.

Anyway, since we skipped a town, I have to find a place to stay tonight.
I don't mind camping in a carriage or feeding rotten meat to any wolves
that come near, but Axel, with his spoiled nature, and Rose, who is a
demon but spoiled and decadent, insist that they can only sleep in a
bed, so I had to find a place to stay. ...Besides, Rose, aren't you a
demon? Do you even need sleep?

Our Fannie says it's fun to chase after lingering spirits all night long
in ruins with a chainsaw. You should learn from her. It's not for me,
though.

"You know, those ghost people, they don't realize they're dead, so they
get really scared when you chase them!"

"That's good to hear, Fannie. Did they taste good?"

By the way, the chainsaw is magic-powered, just like a magic sword, and
it's made by my company, 'Yuru Marine Products'. It has nothing to do
with marine products.

While listening to my subordinates' stories and feeling warm inside,
Noah, who was acting as our coachman today, opened the small window and
reported.

"Lady Yurushia, Nia found a village about half an hour by carriage from
here. It's quite large, and apparently they have an inn. What do you
think?"

"That'll be fine. Nia, please go back and secure a room at the inn."

"As you command."

I'm glad we found a place to stay, at least.  
  
But we'll be leaving the Holy Kingdom territory soon. Between the Holy
Kingdom and Sylber Country, there are a bunch of small countries, each
with a population of only a few tens of thousands, more like overgrown
towns than countries. They're jumbled together, and the borders are
ambiguous, so there are no checkpoints and it's easy to travel between
them, but there are also occasional skirmishes, which is a hassle.

Most of these countries rely on trade and agriculture, so as long as we
follow the main road where inns are located, we should be fine,
but...huh? Did I just set a flag?

Well, we've arrived at the village. The area isn't as dangerous as the
previous one where bandits would pop up every hour. In fact, it's quite
dangerous to be a bandit here because there are wild hippos, rhinos, and
other ferocious carnivores(?) that attack people.

Come to think of it, in fantasy stories, you often see bandits with
hideouts in the mountains, but how do they survive in the depths of a
forest full of monsters? Maybe the bandits I met before were actually
quite rare.

Anyway, about the village, it's not like the typical rural thing where
they're hostile to outsiders. They're surprisingly friendly.

That's because trade is thriving in this country, and merchants come to
villages like this quite frequently.

The villagers seemed to think that we were some rather well-off
merchants, and asked us what we were selling. Since it would be
troublesome if they found out that we were nobles, we sold them our
company's products.

"Since the sea is so far away, seafood is rare, so dried seaweed,
seaweed pancake mix, seaweed pot mix, and dried squid sold really well."

"Dried squid...? Wasn't that just for us?"

It seems like we sold products for demons too. Is that okay? I don't
want to come back a year later and find all the villagers with green
skin, turned into low-level demons.

Well, there's nothing we can do about what's been sold. There's no such
thing as a recall in this world, and if we tried to recall them, we'd
probably be complained about. We can't be trapped by the past. Our
company is soaring into the future.

"Welcome."

It turned out that instead of an inn, it was the village chief's house
that also served as an inn.

"Well, you can't make a living just by being the village chief, so I
started an inn too, and my son's wife runs a restaurant, so please have
your meals there."

I don't need food made by humans though...

Come to think of it, whether in a mansion or a castle, there was a high
probability that the food prepared by the chef would be turned into an
"offering," so eating was easy.

So I'm not at fault for being careless, drinking soup at a roadside inn,
and spraying it all over Rose's face.

"This is our specialty, grilled green onions."

The landlady... the village chief's daughter-in-law (35), brought out a
large plate piled high with sliced green onions roasted on a charcoal
grill. And then another.

At our table, there were huge plates full of nothing but grilled green
onions.

"It's on the house! Eat as much as you want!"

I don't want any.

But well, for a demon, simple food actually goes down easier. At least I
won't frown or spit it out the moment I put it in my mouth.

As we all silently munched on the green onions, the landlady, who seemed
to have some spare time, approached us with a smile.

"Are you heading south, folks? My son was invited to join the Hero's
party and he's down south. Please give him my regards if you happen to
meet him."

"Eh?"

You might be thinking, "Another fake hero?" But apart from true heroes
recognized by the spirits of light like Noel, there are also heroes
recognized by each country, so to put it bluntly, you can think of there
being as many heroes as there are countries.

That's why there's a perception that the heroes of the Holy Kingdom are
in a class of their own, because they were made to prove their courage
by exterminating wild Arch Demons, almost eradicating them.

Think of them as like modern-day idol athletes.

In a village where the only staple food is basically just green onions,
I can understand why someone would want to be a hero, even if it's a bit
suspicious, but it's none of our business.

Bang!

As I was thinking about that, the door to the restaurant burst open, and
a slender figure appeared against the backlight.

"Mark!? What's wrong?"

"Mom... I got kicked out of the Hero's party."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0004.md)

