[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](../../volume%2010/chapters/10_18.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0002.md)



# Chapter 1: To the Sylber Kingdom

**Volume 11**

------

"It's been a long time. I'm glad to hear that you're in good health."

"You really are here... What are you plotting?"

"Don't speak so ill of others... It's only natural that we exist as we
do. What are you doing? Have you gone soft? Why don't you kill? Why
don't you devour? Humans multiply on their own, you know?"

"You've gone too far. Why did you create something like that? It's
something that shouldn't exist in this world that is incompatible with
us. I cannot overlook that."

"Fufu, am I going to incur the wrath of the 'world'? What is the world,
anyway? It just exists and can't do anything to us who are inside it.
Besides, if we use that to exterminate the overgrowth of parasites, the
world will rejoice."

"That's not a good reason to create it. It will be too late once the
world has given birth to 'that existence'."

"Like that little girl you're so fond of?"

"...You. I'll tear out your throat."

"As expected, you've gone soft. You were once someone that even we
feared to be our enemy, and yet you are now being taken advantage of by
a young girl who was not even born 100 years ago. It's truly pitiful."

"We'll see if I've gone soft right here and now."

"Now, wait a moment. There's no gain in fighting you. Besides, if we
kill each other and she loses your protection, those who are watching
will attack her."

"...What is your purpose?"

"Even I recognize the existence of that little girl. I've been meddling
with humans to mess with her because I want to take her in."

"She sees you as an enemy."

"Don't compare me to that child Hiraines. I'm not someone who can be
easily destroyed even if you and the little girl team up. But, isn't
there a problem with her right now? It's probably because of those
abominations, as I mentioned earlier."

"...So?"

"What if I... could do something about it?"

＊＊＊

I readily accepted an invitation from the Queen, who commanded the Arch
Demon, invited me, and decided to head to Sylber Kingdom as a goodwill
envoy.

However, Rinne refused to come with me on this trip.

According to Noah, he wasn't just babysitting Cyril; he would
occasionally disappear. ...Suspicious.

But, if Rinne says so, I trust him. I'd bet my soul that Rinne would
never betray me.

If you can't tell me the reason now, I won't ask. I'm worried, though.

Now, I'm going to Sylber, but as expected, my father and grandfather
threw a fit. Well, I understand their feelings because their daughter,
who just came back after two years, is going to another country again so
soon.

Another problem is that Rick and Noel, the 'hero party' of the Holy
Kingdom, were hesitant.

It's not that they're completely opposed to it, but they're hesitant
about me going because they can't.

That's because Noel, who was previously an earl without a territory,
received the territory of a ruined noble family in the south, so he's
still in a mess and can't go.

Also, as a hero, Noel has taken on the role of keeping an eye on the
nobles friendly to Sylber (physically) and assisting the new duke of the
south, so the Earl of Oralen, Shelly's family, put a stop to things,
saying that the head of the family can't just go off to another country.

…They’ve been completely surrounded, haven’t they?

It’s common for noble families to meddle in things without consulting
the people involved, but from what I can tell, I don’t think either of
them is too upset about it. It's a bit lonely, though.

Speaking of the new ducal family in the south, I heard that the Belrose
ducal family, who probably defected to Sylber, was abolished, and the
Coel ducal family, which had previously disappeared, was revived, or
rather, newly established.

The Coel ducal family... What was it?

"You're talking about the ducal family that was the predecessor of the
Verusenia ducal family and was abolished in the Second Demon Summoning
Incident."

"Thanks, Noah."

Ah, that's right, I remember. My father married into the Coel ducal
family, but it was destroyed, so my father became the new duke.

Eh? But isn't Athena the only one left of the direct bloodline of the
Coel family? That's fine, but can the current timid beauty become a
duke, unlike the villainous tsundere lady from before?

Surprisingly, Rick became the new Duke of Coel and apparently ended up
with Athena.

Rick has been really busy lately and hasn't been coming to the academy
much, but that's what's been going on.

It seems that Athena is still in love with Rick, just like she was
before she lost her memory, so I would like to offer my honest
congratulations.

"......"

I don't know how Rick feels, but he danced with my sister, so I'm sure
he has some feelings for her.

Three or four years ago, I thought, "Oh, maybe this guy likes me?" That
was dangerous! I'm glad I didn't get the wrong idea! I would have ended
up being hurt.

"Huh? What's wrong, Noah? You look gloomy."

"No, I am also a male, so as a man I felt some sympathy for him."

"Hmm?"

I don't really understand.

Anyway, the cool members going to Sylber this time are myself, Noah,
Nia, Tina, Fannie, and in the pet slots, Geas and Onza.

Pets... that's right, those two managed to successfully ascend to Arch
Demons, but they forgot how to humanize.

'Gaugau'

'……(hoihoi)'

"Nooooo! Please do something about these guys!!"

Rose, with a stuffed animal attached to her, runs past at great speed.

When I asked those two to watch over the Arch Demon Rose, the teddy bear
Geas started gnawing on Rose's head and Onza is clinging to her arm
trying to break it, so it looks like a picture of a preteen girl with a
stuffed animal attached to her, which is heartwarming. I think there's
blood splattering everywhere though.

Although they are newly-made Arch Demons and still weak, they seem to be
able to suppress Rose, who has existed for over a 100 years, by working
together.

Rose had partially fused with a spirit, but it wasn't something big
enough to lose her sense of self, and it only increased her power
slightly, so I nullified most of it. At that time, together with Noah, I
also secretly installed a setting to make her unable to oppose me, so
she can't rebel against me directly.

It's like her body obeys even though her heart is reluctant, which
sounds like something that could be in a doujinshi, but I'm not into
yuri stuff.

At most, I use her to buy wakame bread for Tina and Nia. An Arch Demon
going on an errand with a small silver coin in hand...

Since Rose is in my custody, I won't let the Holy Church complain.

Speaking of the Holy Church, although Estelle had half of her soul's
experience eaten by Rose (I ate the delicious part), I adjusted her with
sacred magic and restored her from a wreck to about the level of an
infant.  
  
I mean, it's inconvenient to be handed an invalid as a criminal. But
since I can't return her, I'll have her work hard to become a proper
sister at the church orphanage. Her servant, who survived being modified
into a chimera, will be her caregiver under surveillance.

Her brother, Axel, seemed to want to say something, but I won't let him
complain either.

So, with that, we seven, Rose's demon group, the Second Prince Axel, and
his servants, will depart for Sylber.

Sylber... don't think you'll get off easy.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](../../volume%2010/chapters/10_18.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0002.md)

