[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0010.md)



# Chapter 9: The Magnificent Everyday Life of a Demon God (4)

In the southern part of the continent, there is a group of twelve small
nations.

With populations ranging from tens of thousands to two hundred thousand,
they were no more than the estates of great nobles in a large country.
However, perhaps due to the southern people's nature of being free from
hunger, there were few countries that would try to expand their
territory by invading neighboring countries. Nonetheless, while they
remained wary of their neighbors, they would join forces against the
threats of larger nations, despite giving a somewhat disjointed
impression.

The reason why these small nations have remained without being
integrated into larger powers to this day is because they were trading
regions centered on agriculture and could not upset the balance of food
supplies in the south, and also because they were simply geographically
separated from the larger powers.

It's not like the big powers were completely hands-off either. Each
power secretly supported a number of smaller nations, and made
adjustments to guide the direction of the small nation alliances in
times of crisis.

However, among them, the Sylber Holy Church, the largest nation in the
southernmost part of the continent, was interfering with the group of
nations in a different way.

Rather than the doctrine of a monotheistic religion with a Queen as a
goddess, they built numerous churches under the guise of providing
financial support to general religions such as the fertility god Costul,
and placed people under the influence of the Holy Church at the top of
those churches, thereby rationally recruiting useful personnel to the
Holy Church.

Those with strong souls. Among them, those who were both capable and
physically attractive became adopted children of royalty or nobility,
those who were only outstanding in their abilities were heavily used as
special forces in the military, and children who simply had strong soul
powers were used as materials or experiments for bioweapons such as
chimeras.

One of them, Clara, was both capable and physically attractive, but
because her abilities were biased towards combat, she was given
"education" as a "hero."

In a sense, this was a measure to deal with the "Hero of the Holy
Kingdom", who was a superior existence to the Hero. There was a tendency
for hero-class individuals to gather under heroes protected by the
spirits of light. It was also a measure to prevent the concentration of
military power under the Holy Kingdom and a certain "entity" that lurked
at its core.

Thanks to this, several hero-class individuals had gathered under Clara.
As an artificially created hero, Clara was inferior to a genuine hero,
but since a \[Hero of the Holy Kingdom\] doesn't appear easily in the
first place, this shouldn't have been a problem.

However, that \[Hero of the Holy Kingdom\] suddenly appeared. Upon
learning that the one who had done this was the "being" who was chosen
as the Saint at the same time, Queen Sylberthal began to regard that
"existence" as a threat.

Originally, Clara's hero party was scheduled to defeat a
suspicious-looking northern demon lord as a way to enhance her
reputation, but the plan was changed when the \[Hero of the Holy
Kingdom\] took action.

With their current forces, they were inferior to the \[Hero of the Holy
Kingdom\], and more importantly, they didn't want to be known yet by the
"existence" in the Holy Kingdom.

"The Golden Cat that Brings Misfortune"

The balance of power had remained unchanged for over a thousand years,
but with the disappearance of one of the highest-ranking \[Demon Lords\]
and another, not directly, the \[Dark Beast\] that no one could
suppress, this "existence" had begun to be called that in the demon
world.

Although it was still in its formative stages and its power was among
the lowest of the top class, Sylberthal did not underestimate that
"existence."

For that reason, Clara's raison d'être was changed from increasing her
charisma as a hero to increasing the support base of the "church"
supported by the Holy Church.

Clara was a hero certified by the church, but she had not taken on many
church jobs until then. This was simply because the requests from nobles
and royalty were more lucrative and glamorous than the work of the
church.

Clara, who had been avoiding major battles on the orders of the Holy
Church, did not know strong enemies, and did not know failure. To a
certain extent, it is perhaps inevitable that a simple village girl like
her had developed an arrogant personality.

Clara did not know that she was being manipulated by the Holy Church.

Just by being called a hero, she was unconditionally praised. She was
given lavish evening parties with royalty and nobility, and was given
gold and silver as rewards.

Clara, who was accustomed to such a life, was beginning to have
difficulty continuing the low-paying church work of listening to the
wishes of the common people.

"That beautiful girl is selling potions?!"

The knight of the hero party barked in an exaggerated reaction.

The existing potions had been bought up, and the newly released potions
were more effective but twice the price.

While the clerics and mages who consumed them in large quantities were
concerned, Clara and the other members didn't understand the meaning of
it very well. However, when they heard that the beautiful young lady who
was Mark's new master was supplying them, the other men got excited.

"Then let's just buy them directly from that girl!"

"How about we make her join our party?"

"That's a good idea. We can use potions without worrying."

"Ugh... I don't want to."

Clara pouted, looking bored, as her companions, who had been fawning
over her until now, suddenly started talking about another woman.

"Clara, if you keep spending money on potions, you won't be able to go
shopping, will you?"

"Ugh..."

While the church's work didn't bring in much money, they were under
pressure from various sources to only take on church work. Thanks to
that, Clara's popularity among the people had increased, but she had so
much debt that she would soon no longer be able to stay at an expensive
inn with a bath.

Although she had previously been just an ordinary village girl, she now
felt uncomfortable mingling with commoners in a public bath where she
didn't know who had been there.

Even in the largest city in the country, it was still only a small
country at the level of a noble's territory. There were only two or
three high-class inns where nobles and big merchants could stay.

Since they weren't in the inn where Clara's group had been staying, they
started looking around nearby, and in the lounge of the first high-class
inn they came to, they found the girls they were looking for, drinking
tea elegantly.

"......"

Was she really just a merchant? Although the dress she wore was not like
the long ones worn by noble maidens, they were made of an elegant black
and white fabric that Clara had never seen before. As she sat on the
sofa drinking tea, she looked like princesses from a great country, and
the men were entranced and fell silent.

Clara's companions adored her for her fame and strength as a hero, as
well as her wild chrysanthemum-like beauty, but in a sense, having seen
the "real thing," their values ​​began to waver.

"Hey you, over there! What are you thinking, selling potions at such a
high price!?"

At this point, Clara, who had had enough, suddenly shouted out a cry as
if challenging her to a fight.

Although Clara's face was quite well-known, this was a high-class inn,
so of course, people like her who would pick a fight with the guests,
even if they were heroes, were not allowed.

Employees and security guards came running from the back, but the
golden-haired girl - Yurushia - raised her hand to stop them.

"Oh, is there something I can help you with?"

With a sweet smile, she intimidated Clara, who had been about to step
forward.

"Y-you, the potions!"

"Now, now, Clara, calm down. Excuse me, miss. I heard that you were
selling highly effective potions, so I've come to negotiate."

"What kind of negotiation?"

When the knight calmed Clara down and spoke to her, Yurushia ignored
Clara and tilted her head at the knight with a gentle smile.

"We are the hero Clara's party, and we fight for the weak every day.
Therefore, let us grant you the honor of being our supporter."

"Well..."

Yurushia's smile deepened at that, and for some reason, the knight, who
was receiving her smile directly, felt a cold sweat running down his
back.

"Well, what do you think?"

"I'm in a difficult position... Although I'm the one who sells those
potions, I'm not the one who makes them."

"Then who is...?"

"He's over there. Mark."

"Y-Yes!"

Mark, who had been at the very end of the maid group, answered, and his
former companions, who hadn't noticed he was there because of his
inconspicuous presence, opened their eyes wide in surprise.

"Mark... made it? Those potions!?"

When the mage exclaimed involuntarily, Yurushia nodded lightly and
turned her gaze to Mark.

"Mark, please explain."

"Y-yes!"

Mark could add beneficial effects to the food he made. With food that
took several hours to absorb, only a weak effect could be obtained for
several hours, but with potions that had an instant effect, the effect
could be increased by about 40-50%.

"To think his ability could be used like that..."

"That's how his ability is meant to be used. It was a good find."

Yurushia told the dumbfounded mage casually, as if it were nothing.

"But almost every store had those potions! There's no way he could have
made that many!"

When the young priest shouted, unable to believe it, Yurushia nodded
lightly.

"Of course, I don't have that much time or the materials to make them
from scratch. So I added the effects to existing potions. It requires a
bit of magic, but humans can do anything if they try hard enough."

Mark’s face turned pale, perhaps because he had tried really hard, or
perhaps he had been forced to try really hard.

"That's impossible... to buy up all the potions in this country..."

"I can't possibly buy up everything from each individual, but there were
only about 30,000 bottles in stock from guilds and merchants, so thirty
large gold coins wouldn't be a problem."

"Wh-what?"

The priest was speechless at the price, which was enough to buy a
mansion in a prime location in this area.

"But, then, isn't that the same as your product?"

"Those potions were made by Mark with the money I lent him. I'm just
getting a share out of his kindness."

"Then, you should just give Mark back!"

Clara interrupted the conversation triumphantly.

"If Mark comes back, we won't have to buy expensive potions, and we can
earn as much money as we want!"

The wealthy people who were watching the commotion in the lounge of the
luxury hotel glared at the inhumane remark. In particular, the merchants
who travel between multiple countries expressed their disgust at the
remark, which sounded like they were forcibly stealing someone else's
business.

"What do you want to do, Mark?"

Yurushia didn't get angry at that, but left the decision to the servant
himself.

"...I, I..."

Even after hearing such a statement, Mark seemed to be a little
hesitant, looking at Clara, whom he had been attracted to before, but
when the blonde maid gently tapped his shoulder from behind, he
straightened his back and declared clearly.

"I'll be working for you, my lady!"

I wonder why he looks a little happy even though he's sweating coldly.

"No way..."

Clara, who had never expected to be turned down, slumped in shock, and
the warrior patted her on the shoulder comfortingly.

"Even if Mark comes back, we won't be able to make a fortune if we don't
have the financial resources to buy up ordinary potions."

"Oh, aren't you recognized as a hero somewhere? Shouldn't you be the
ones providing financial support?"

When Yurushia said so, Clara raised her head vigorously.

"That's... right?"

"Yes. At least the heroes of the Holy Kingdom were guaranteed the
highest quality of travel expenses and equipment."

"That's... that's right!"

"""Clara!"""

Clara ran out of the inn impulsively, and her companions hurriedly
chased after her.

Seeing that, Yurushia sighed, called a hotel employee, placed one large
gold coin on the table, and smiled at those around her.

"I apologize for the disturbance. Please let me take care of the bill
here."

＊＊＊

Although it's unavoidable to spend money, it doesn't feel good to waste
it.

But, this is just a rough plan, but I think I was able to create a rift
between the hero and the church. Now, the question is how much distrust
I can create... Hm?

At that moment, Fannie, who had been keeping an eye on the hero,
returned.

"Um, Lady Yurushia, that hero was going on a rampage at the church and
destroying the building."

"…………"

To dig a hole for herself so suddenly... What was she thinking?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0010.md)

