[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0010.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0012.md)



# Chapter 11: The Magnificent Everyday Life of a Demon God (6)

"Clara, what are we gonna do now? We can't go back to town!"

"Eh~... I didn't do anything wrong."

Clara and her comrades, who had destroyed the town and stolen valuables
from the church, were put on the wanted list, and the other members,
excluding the warrior, were arrested for aiding a crime, damage to
property, and injuring civilians.

If one were to reach the hero class, far above the average person, they
would be given preferential treatment in any country. However, this
time, by exposing the corruption of the church, an organization that had
believers and influence in multiple countries, and picking a fight with
them, the upper echelons of the small group of nations feared that their
collusion would be discovered by the citizens, so they decided to pin
all the blame on the hero and her party.

As mentioned earlier, the hero class possessed powers far beyond those
of ordinary people, with a difference in power comparable to that
between an infant and an athlete. So, if they wanted to escape, they
could have done so. However, perhaps because of their power, the knight,
mage, and priest had positions that needed to be protected, and unlike
Clara, who was originally a commoner, and the warrior who was a former
mercenary, they couldn't easily fall into the category of outlaws and
were quietly captured and imprisoned by the guards.

However, the two who had escaped without considering social
responsibility, status, or future had made the right decision, even if
they hadn't actually thought about it.

Though the knights themselves were not aware of it, this hero party was
itself intentionally created as propaganda for the Sylber Holy Church,
and the knights were deemed mentally unstable by the church after
undergoing experimental mind-modification. They were later collected by
the people of the church, never to be seen in public again.

"More importantly, look at this. Those church people were hoarding all
this, so they must have been doing something wrong. It's the hero's job
to thwart evil deeds."

"...Well, maybe so."

The assets that the church bishop had hoarded were worth at least 20
large gold coins, just from the jewels and jewelry that Clara had been
able to carry off. Even if they were sold at a low price as stolen goods
on the black market, they would definitely fetch more than 10 large gold
coins.

It was understandable that a bishop of a church in the capital of a
small country would have a certain amount of money that he could move
personally, such as operating funds. However, it was clearly unnatural
to have jewelry and ornaments worth four to five times the annual income
of an ordinary family.

That's not to say that what Clara did was justified, but the warrior,
who had originally risen from nothing with just a sword, had a distrust
of nobles and the wealthy, and more than anything, he was excited at the
prospect of having Clara all to himself, and he was unable to make a
rational judgment.

"So, what are we going to do now?"

"Well... let's go to the big city! If we go to the Holy Kingdom, they'll
treat heroes well and give us lots of money, and there must be beautiful
clothes and fashionable shops!"

"Yeah, let's go!"

"Are you leaving already?"

"!"

In the night forest where they had escaped, the two were on guard, using
the minimum amount of light to avoid the eyes of pursuers, when they
were suddenly called out from the darkness. Instantly drawing their
weapons, the warrior threw one of his hand axes in the direction of the
voice.

"Who is it?"

When the warrior heard neither the sound of the hand axe flying nor the
sound of it hitting anything, he called out, and a girl with silvery
hair wearing a fine maid uniform floated out from the darkness.

"Hi there! It's Fannie!"

"…………"

Although it was extremely light, the throwing axe was enough to kill
even a tiger in one hit, and the girl silently caught it between her
fingers. Even Clara, who could be called a hero even if she was rotten,
did not let her guard down, sword at the ready.

"...Hey, aren't you that golden lady's maid?"

"Eh, really!?"

Regardless of the fact that Clara, who was only interested in herself,
hadn't even looked at the face of Yurushia's servant, the warrior, who
had realized this, referred to her master as 'the golden lady,' causing
Fannie's cheerful smile to stiffen slightly.

"What do you want!? I don't have any business with you!"

Though she had relaxed her combat stance knowing that they weren't
pursuers, Clara remained cautious and spoke in a prickly tone due to her
connection with Yurushia, causing Fannie to spin around playfully.

"Nothing in particular? I was just wondering if that little bit of money
was enough for a trip to Tariterudo."

"What, are you saying it's not enough?"

"There are so many great shops in the capital. A fancy cafe with teas
from all over the world, a clothing store as big as a castle, an inn
with cool butlers who treat even ordinary girls like princesses, natural
cosmetics that make you beautiful... you'll run out of money in no
time."

"There are stores like that..."

Each one was a shop that Yurushia had invested in, and her bodyguard
knights, the vampiress Mylene, and the humanized demons were running
them. As soon as Clara heard about them, her eyes began to sparkle.

"What are you planning?"

The warrior was still wary of Fannie, who had easily caught his hand axe
and found their hiding place.

"Hmm? If you're not interested, that's fine. I'll take the offer to
someone else."

"W-wait!"

Just as when she had appeared, Fannie turned away, waving her hands
lightly, but Clara called out to her.

"Clara!"

"Shut up! And you, since you came all the way here to find me, you must
have some kind of a good deal, right?"

Clara, though a hero, had taken some risky and illegal measures to earn
money. It was mainly the mage and Clara who had done it, but Clara
herself didn't hesitate to do it.

"Isn't that church the biggest one around here?"

"Yeah, it is. I heard there are even bigger cathedrals in bigger
countries, but, uh, Shin..."

"New Church... right? Normal churches worship one god, like the Costul
Church, but that church has a 'new doctrine', right? They worship
different gods, and they also believe in the Goddess of Sylber. Well,
it's become normal around here, but when we want to distinguish it from
the traditional churches, we call it the 'New Church'."

"Yeah, that's right."

"Hee."

Fannie, who had been laughing cheerfully at their explanation, lowered
her voice slightly and took a piece of paper out of her pocket and
showed it to them.

"What's this, a map?"

"Yeah, this is the church. And this is the church's research facility."

"Research facility?"

Noah had looked it up and given it to Fannie, but the warrior looked
puzzled, unable to understand the connection between religion and a
research facility. Clara, who had been watching intently, looked up
energetically.

"I... I know this place! It's where I was first taken from the village!
Is there any treasure here?"

"I heard that they're doing some weird research. If you bring me what
they're working on, I'll buy it. And if we can also get hold of the
church's weakness, the pursuers might stop coming."

"Amazing!"

"Oh, I see."

Clara was simply overjoyed, but the warrior realized that the reason
this maid had come to them was mainly to buy dangerous things like
research materials.

Although he didn't think such young girls were spies for the Holy
Kingdom, he assumed they probably had a route to sell such things at a
high price, and so he lowered his guard against Fannie.

"Then let's go right away!"

"Wait, wait, they're still looking for us, aren't they? If we go now..."

The warrior tried to stop Clara, who was so excited that she was about
to rush out, but Fannie supported Clara.

"It's okay. I'll come too."

\*

"I never thought it would be so easy to break in..."

They had thought it would be difficult to enter the city because the two
heroes were wanted, but thanks to something Fannie had done, they
arrived at the church's research facility without even seeing a
patrolling guard.

"Alright, from here on out it's our job. You can fight to some extent,
but stay behind. Let's go, Clara, don't kill anyone."

"I know."

Clara and the warrior leaped out of the darkness like a gust of wind,
easily knocking out the two guards at the back gate and hiding them in
the bushes of the grounds.

"This is the back door. It's locked though."

"Leave it to me."

At Fannie's instruction, Clara, with a cheerful expression, drew her
sword and ran it through the gap in the door, and they heard the sound
of a broken bolt on the other side.

The three of them, more like a well-coordinated band of thieves than
heroes, quietly entered the facility and knocked out the people who were
still awake as they moved deeper inside.

"This really is a church facility..."

The people who seemed to be researchers all wore simple clerical robes
and holy symbols. Most of them had the holy symbol of the Queen of the
Sylber Holy Church, which puzzled the warrior, but he convinced himself
that people in the city were probably more interested in studying such
things.

Guided by Fannie, who seemed to know the interior well, they moved
deeper inside without getting lost, and then,

"What... is this?"

There were rows of glass containers filled with various sized liquids,
and in the larger containers, there were clearly things that resembled
humans floating.

"Aha-ha. They're doing quite a lot for another country, aren't they?"

"You..."

The two turned to face the cheerful voice that seemed out of place in
the gruesome scene, and saw Fannie striding towards Clara, carefully
clutching a disgusting object that looked like a combination of slime
and a small animal.

"Hero, here."

"Eh..."

Clara, who instinctively tried to pull her hand back, was forcibly
handed a bag containing about ten large gold coins and some
incomprehensible documents.

"This is the payment and the experimental data that the church was doing
in other countries. I think you'll get more money if you take this to
the church than if you go to the Holy Kingdom."

"I see!"

Clara nodded vigorously, understanding the meaning of the words. Indeed,
it would be more profitable to threaten the church itself and get money
than to report it to another country and receive a small reward.

Ordinary people would never think of threatening a country, but Clara,
who was fully aware that she was the strongest hero in the world, didn't
know of any existence that could harm her.

"It's almost dawn, so you should go soon."

"Yeah, let's go, thanks!"

"W-wait,"

The warrior tried to call out to Clara, who was about to rush outside.

Something was wrong. It was true that it was a major crime for such a
research facility to exist in another country, but it went beyond the
authority of a hero. If it was just something done by a lone noble, it
would be one thing, but if the church itself was involved, then they
would be caught up in a conflict between great powers... no, based on
his experience as a mercenary, he thought they might be caught up as
pawns in a conflict between much larger "existences".

"Cla...――――――"

Just as the warrior was about to shout, "Clara, this is a trap. Come
back," his neck was suddenly grabbed from behind and his throat was
crushed in an instant.

"...o...ac..."

Somehow managing to turn his head back while being grabbed by the neck,
he saw the silver-haired maid there, wearing a hard "clown" mask and
laughing.

"I like people who are quick to catch on."

Gush!

Fannie crushed the hero-class warrior's neck without letting him do
anything, collected his soul, and then crushed the walls and buildings
to the entrance with magic, disappearing into the darkness with a lot of
"spoils of war".

The guards, whose patrol time had been adjusted, rushed to the heavily
damaged facility.

Clara, who had run away as fast as she could towards the canyon, did not
know it, but when the king of this country learned that the people in
this horrifying research facility were from the Sylber Holy Church, he
judged that it was beyond his country's control, and by contacting the
network of small countries, he issued a notice to all countries, which
led to a simultaneous search for the New Church in each of the small
countries.

＊＊＊

"So... Clara attacked the church facility, which turned out to be a Holy
Church research facility, and escaped, causing a big commotion in the
city?"

"Yep."

I couldn't help but sigh at Fannie's cheerful nod. I know my servants
don't lie to me and that everything they do is for me, but... she sure
led me on.

Well, whatever. It's their own fault if the Holy Church loses face.

"So, what's that?"

"I picked it up."

It turned out that Fannie had found it purely by chance. It was an
experimental subject that had been created by forcibly possessing a
small animal with a lower-level demon.

There were 200 of them. I took most of them to the Lost Eden, so there
are only a few here now, but...yeah, they don't look like the kind of
thing you could normally keep as a pet.

As I was wondering what to do with them, I felt something nudging my
feet.

"Gau"

"…………"

What is it? Geas and Onza together. Could it be...

"Do you want these?"

"Gau"

"……(nods)"

Why do they want them? Maybe they want pet companions? I don't really
understand, but I guess I can leave it to these two...


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0010.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0012.md)

