[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0024.md)



# Chapter 23: Battlefield of Madness (epilogue)

 …

 …

 ……

 ………

 …………

 …………………

 …………………………………

 ………………………………………………………

Deep, deep within a stagnant, swamp-like abyss, a tiny light slowly
descended.

From that small light, a tiny 'nucleus' was born, and as it repeated
cellular division, it took the form of a fetus, then an infant, and a
faint golden light shimmered as it took the form of a baby.

Slightly opening its eyes, a pale pink-gold hue emanated from within.

As the baby, slowly falling into the depths, grew larger, it took the
form of a lovely young girl of about four or five years old, and a
Gothic-style black dress enveloped her body.

—Thud.

As she stepped onto the bottom of a stagnant pool...a place that
resembled rotten earth, the little girl brushed back her shining blonde
hair, which was cut short at her shoulders, with her hands like maple
leaves, and the little girl - Yurushia - let out a big sigh.

"Ahh, I thought I was dead!"

Yeah. I've only just regenerated, and my tongue is a bit clumsy.

My body has become much smaller, but it's a complete revival, with not
only my human attribute vessel and consciousness but also my soul
regenerated.

How, you ask? Well, since I learned about stockpiling magical power from
Sylberthal, I created simple subspaces here and there during battle and
transferred half of my magic power into them.

I thought I'd use it as a last resort, when I could completely catch her
off guard, but I never expected her to bring out a Spirit King. That's
cheating.

So, I was easily destroyed, but was I lucky or did I have good karma?
When I used the power of the \[True Demon Lord\], I temporarily moved my
consciousness to that subspace to avoid contamination.

At the last moment, I hid it in the shadow of the "needle" that I
launched as a feigned attack and dropped it to the ground. I put quite a
bit of magical power into it, so I was a little worried that she would
suspect something.

Well, normally, even if you could do something like that, you would be
caught up in the aftermath of the attack and disappear... After that, I
desperately suppressed my consciousness that was about to disappear with
my magic power and willpower, and before the scattered soul dispersed, I
reconstructed it to create a 'nucleus', and continuously applied the
holy magic of \[Regeneration\] to the scattered hair and blood, and
finally, somehow, I was barely able to revive.

In a battle between demons, existence is eroded, so normally the sense
of self disappears as well, so I was desperate. Even if I could somehow
keep my consciousness intact, it would take thousands of years to fully
recover, and there was no guarantee that I could evolve to my current
state.

No matter how you look at it, I couldn't do it again if you asked me to.
It was probably just an incredible stroke of luck that I was able to
revive.

...But it's not entirely 'coincidence'.

At that moment—when the Spirit King of Light was about to burn me to
ashes, the light intentionally flowed and created a hole in the bottom
of that space.

It was only open for a moment. Because only my remains fell in that
instant, even Sylberthal didn't notice, and I was given the opportunity
to revive.

Spirit King of Light... what are you thinking, following Sylberthal?

"...Where am I?"

Still in Sylberthal's personal subspace? Or did I fall all the way to
the Demon Realm? But something feels different.

〈—This is the bottom of—〉

"...Huh?"

I looked around at the "voice" I had heard, and saw beneath me a
trembling, slimy, blue demonic larva.

"………"

〈Hey, stop, don't poke me, stop it!〉

When I poked it with a squid's tentacle that I had taken out of my
pocket, it got angry. Normally, a larva like this shouldn't be able to
speak properly...

But this tone and these colors, somewhere...

"--Ah, perhaps, Rose?"

〈Of course it is! How could you not recognize me!〉

How could I not...? You're so energetic.

According to Rose, her demonic core had been removed, but luckily, her
main body had been destroyed in battle immediately afterward, so her
sense of self in the core remained.

She had lost all her powers, but by falling into this place, she was
able to revive as a demonic larva.

It's hard to have a conversation, though... I can hear her voice, but
since the larva's power is so weak, I can't hear her sometimes.

Oh well...

I shared some of my meager magic power with Rose, instantly evolving her
to the level of a lower-level demon.

Pop.

"Eh?!"

I thought for sure she'd become a baby monkey, but Rose evolved into a
small blue ferret-like creature.

Rose touched her body nervously and turned her face away when she
noticed my gaze.

“D-don't get the wrong idea, I'm not happy or anything!”

"Okay, okay. So, Rose. Where are we?"

Rose turned back to me and slowly began to speak.

"Maybe... but I don't know much because I only heard about it from Lady
Sylberthal, but this place is—”

The bottom of the Demon World that even demons can't perceive. The
original source of the stagnation that gives rise to demons.

A place where sinful souls are not returned to the world, but simply
suffer, rot, and decay until reconstituted as the source of demons—it
is...

“...the \[Abyss\]...”


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0024.md)

