[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# Chapter 0: The Curse of the Barrier

**Prologue**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Year 503 of the Bres calendar, Demon Continent, Sugal Plains  
  
Even at the height of summer, the temperature on the Demon Continent
isn’t high. Perhaps 25°C at most. Usually, fierce winds blow along with
magicules, but on that day, there was no wind, and it was strangely
quiet. Mist, Commander of the Baal Union, looked down from a hill about
50 meters high, observing the Asura Kingdom army and the Demon army
staring each other down. Though gripped by an inexplicable unease, Mist
was still confident of victory.  
  
"We've won."  
  
The Demon army numbered 30,000, against the Asura army's 25,000. And
positioned to strike the Demon army's flank were 10,000 soldiers from
the Baal Union. Powerful demi-humans were visible among the Demon ranks,
but they were few in number. The morale of the Asura army, led by the
renowned Hero King Berg of Asura, is sure to be high. If there was any
cause for concern, it was whether Berg could strike down the Demon
Queen, an old acquaintance.  
  
"A needless worry."  
  
Just as Mist murmured this, it happened. It was large-scale magic, as if
Mist's anxiety had taken shape.  
A black fog conjured by dark magic spread over a wide area, causing both
the allied Asura-Baal forces and the Demon army to lose sight of their
comrades. Furthermore, wind magic muffled all sound. The Baal Union was
thrown into confusion. Mist immediately ordered his troops to hold their
position, but in the soundless darkness, how far would the command
reach?  
  
"What's going on?"  
  
Unable to move his army, Mist remained pinned down on the hill.  
  
"Your Majesty Berg!!"  
  
Tsukumi, commander of the Asura Royal Guard, shouted the name of her
lord, King Berg of Asura, but her voice dissipated uselessly into the
fog. It was a considerably large-scale and powerful magic. She couldn't
see even an inch ahead.  
  
"Is there someone capable of using dark magic on such a large scale?"  
  
In this world, those who wield magic are called "Users." Dark magic
users are few; perhaps not even one in ten thousand users possesses such
an ability. Moreover, Tsukumi knew only two users capable of such
immense dark magic. However, one was already dead, and the other
wouldn't use magic like this.  
How much time had passed? It might have been about 20 minutes, but it
was long enough to plunge the army into confusion and anxiety. When the
black fog abruptly cleared, what Tsukumi saw was the worst possible
situation.  
  
(The Demon army has infiltrated our lines.)  
  
It was a situation inevitably leading to a chaotic melee, with both
armies intermingled. And just 20 meters ahead...  
  
"King Berg!"  
  
King Berg of Asura and Queen Dustis of the Demon Kingdom were facing
each other, mere meters apart.  
  
(Why has the Demon army penetrated so deeply!)  
  
Tsukumi dashed forward to support King Berg.  
  
"Knights of the Royal Guard, keep the enemy away from King Berg! I will
support His Majesty!"  
  
Tsukumi shouted orders to the confused Royal Knights while channeling
mana into her sword. This magic was of the "Light" attribute, Tsukumi's
specialty attack magic. The mana infused into the sword would become a
blade of light, launched with the sword's slash to cut down distant
enemies. But the light blade Tsukumi unleashed was blocked by the shield
held by King Berg before it could reach Queen Dustis.  
  
"Tsukumi, stay back. I must speak with the Queen."  
  
The King and Queen. Around them, a muddy, chaotic battle between the
allied and Demon soldiers had begun – a war of attrition, the worst kind
of battle.  
  
"Royal Guard, keep the enemy soldiers away from the King! Resist arrows
and magic!"  
  
While giving orders to the Royal Knights, Tsukumi confirmed that Demon
General Shurak and his Demon Knights were similarly protecting Queen
Dustis. Tsukumi and Shurak exchanged glances, nodding slightly to each
other before looking away. Neither would allow the other's lord to be
interfered with.  
  
"Dustis, can you not withdraw?"  
"I cannot. I must lead my people away from this harsh land. Berg. You
have seen it. That abominable curse. The curse of the *‘Demon God of
Chaos'* !! As long as that curse exists, the Demon Continent has no
future."  
"I too have a duty to protect my people. But I do not wish to cross
swords with a former friend. The Kingdom of Asura will cooperate to
break the curse."  
"Berg. It’s impossible. The curse can’t be broken."  
  
The surrounding area was filled with exhausted troops. A goblin soldier
from the Demon army gasped his last breath, pierced through the chest by
a spear. An armored knight of the Asura Royal Guard collapsed, blood
spurting from his neck.  
Dustis bit her lip, glancing at the scene before pointing her sword at
Berg.  
  
"The curse cannot be broken."  
  
Those words revealed Dustis's anguish. The Demon Continent was enveloped
in a barrier erected by the Demon God of Chaos over the course of 500
years. Within this barrier, the dense concentration of magicules
withered the land and eroded bodies, making it a harsh environment where
only races with strong resistance or “users” could survive.  
However, because those with strong resistance and users could survive,
the Demon Continent had functioned within its own unique system. Until
five years ago. Five years ago, the Demon God of Chaos created a new,
catastrophic curse right here, on the Sugal Plains. This curse generated
even more potent magicules, causing the inhabitants of the Demon
Continent to succumb one after another as their bodies were eroded. To
save the people of the Demon Continent, six heroes rose up.  
  
Hero King Berg  
Obsidian Witch Dustis  
Emerald Spirit Queen Anna  
Fierce Iron King Jinrai  
Dragon Knight Aldey  
Nameless Magic Warrior  
  
The six defeated the Demon God of Chaos and saved the world. Or so they
thought. But even defeating the Demon God of Chaos did not break the
curse. The people of the Demon Continent pleaded with Dustis, "Lead us
to a new land." After agonizing deliberation, Dustis decided to invade
the Asura Continent.  
However, weakened by the curse, the armies of the Demon Continent could
not fight at their full strength and suffered continuous defeats. And
now, the Demon army has been pushed back to the cursed land itself, the
Sugal Plains.  
  
Dustis has no intention of killing Berg. She wants to capture him alive
and use him as a bargaining chip. The Demon Kingdom could no longer win
this war. So, what will happen to her people? Her only option is to take
Berg hostage and save her citizens.  
  
"Berg. Forgive me."  
  
(Ah, I'm going to have to injure him considerably.)  
  
Dustis gathered water-attribute magicules to unleash a finishing blow.
Countless shards of ice swirled around her, ready to assault Berg, when
it happened.  
  
"I shall release the curse!"  
  
It was a nostalgic voice, no, a thought-wave. Dustis couldn't possibly
mistake it. Paying no mind to dissipating the mana she had gathered,
Dustis searched for the source of the thought-wave. Berg did the same.  
  
"Dustis, over there."  
  
Where Berg pointed, silhouetted against the setting sun, floated the
figure of a "Warrior." From the sword in the Warrior's left hand, a
stream of light particles rose; from the sword in the right hand, a
stream of dark particles rose, mingling together. The particles
gradually increased in number, enveloping all the soldiers and covering
the Sugal Plains.  
  
"I shall release the curse!"  
  
This thought-wave was now "heard" by every soldier, and the fighting
stopped.  
  
"What on earth are they planning?"  
  
No, Dustis and Berg knew.  
  
"The magicules are thinning."  
  
As the particles spread, the magicule concentration diminished.  
  
Then, with a loud "POP," the magicules and particles covering the Sugal
Plains dissipated.  
  
"!!"  
  
As the particles vanished, the Warrior floating in the air began to fall
powerlessly. Dustis hastily wove water magic, enveloping the falling
Warrior's body. The Warrior's descent slowed, landing gently. As Dustis
breathed a sigh of relief, she noticed Berg's left hand resting on her
right shoulder.  
  
"Dustis, will you not withdraw?"  
  
Berg's voice was incredibly gentle, and Dustis felt relieved from the
bottom of her heart. Dustis looked straight into Berg's eyes and
answered.  
  
"Yes."  
  
The curse on the Sugal Plains was lifted, and the Demon Continent
returned to its state from five years prior. The Kingdom of Asura, the
Baal Union, and the Demon Kingdom signed a peace treaty, and the
conflict seemed to have ended.  
  
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  
TN: After the story gets going, most of the chapters are very short so
I’ll try to upload a handful at a time.  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

