[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0000_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0002_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 53: A Yuri Otaku on a Summer Day

“Ah- This is heaven. . .Summer vacation rocks!”

Since the beginning of summer vacation, or to be exact since Sara
returned home, I’ve been doing my best to be lazy!

After waking up and having breakfast, I’d go online and look up Yuri
works, after lunch I’d go and enjoy Yuri again.

After dinner and having a bath, I am covered with Yuri until midnight.
It feels as though my busy Yuri lifestyle came back. I spend my days
enjoying Yuri from morning till night. 

The vast sea of the internet is full of various Yuri works, from
commercial works to Doujin. I was truly born in a good time. It is said
that there are eight million gods in Japan, but if you dive into the
internet ,there are even more gods from all over the world that are also
providing Yuri, and you have no choice but to worship them.

Thank you, Yuri writers. Thank you Bill Gates. I pay my respect.

From outside of my window I could tell it was really hot, however that
was irrelevant to me, as I stayed in a comfortable temperature in my
room.

However, absorbing these Yuri works warms me to a comparable amount.

“I want to go to an event, but high school students have limited money,
and not a lot of things they could do. . .”

Summer vacation is the best, but high school students are poor. When I
was living alone and an active member of society, I used to fill my
bookshelves and closets in my room with Yuri books and not need to worry
about anybody seeing it.

If there was a Yuri event I’d go on a journey, now I couldn’t go. I used
all kinds of methods to get the work I wanted, such has having Yuri
friends cooperate and use mail orders.

My funds and degrees of freedom are completely different now that I’m a
high school student and not a working adult. My family is fairly wealthy
now, but I can’t say that I want some money to buy Yuri books. Above
all, I also need to be sure that I have enough room to put them in the
corner of my bookshelf, or in the back of my closet, else my mother will
surely find them.

I’m not doing anything wrong, why am I to blame? I had the same worries
when I was a highschool student in my previous life.

“I don’t want to go back to my previous life, but I envy that Yuri
lifestyle.”

I enjoy the books themselves, but the journey getting them is like a
treasure hunt, it’s very fun.

When I participated in groups that share announcements, we’d check who
could buy which books, and share the books of popular circles with my
friends. When I would walk around the venue I’d be worried about hidden
gem books my circle didn’t find. It was a joy to find them and give
unknown works a shot. It was a treasured book that made me want to give
as a gift to a god. Because of the chance of finding those treasures,
despite having the luxury of mail orders, I’d go to venues. Comiket,
Commitia, GLF, and all sorts of events. I miss those days when I’d fly
to the western world and east.

However, that isn’t me now. I know those experiences from my past life,
so I feel like I had experienced it.

Because I know it, I want to go see it myself. I want to go to an event!
If that doesn’t work out, I atleast want to take advantage of online
shops as much as possible!

The thing I want most in this world is definitely Sara. However in 2nd
place was Naughty Yuri Doujins.

No, it wasn’t just that. Not only the books. In my previous life I was
at least more sociable than I am now, and I loved those events because I
had friends from all over Japan that I met there.

At big events we’d consult each other and share the books we couldn’t
get unless we lined up early in the morning, and after the event we’d
share books like gifts to each other.

(Suzu-san will appear at this event!)

(Seriously!? Ah, I have to quickly go to Ciovita-san and Kinzoku-san’s
circle.)

(I definitely want Kuma-san’s new issue, but there should be a lot of
copies. So I could mail order, it should be okay to wait a little.)

(I can’t die until I read M-san’s new Yuri MILF issue.)

It was so fun to make our own treasure maps and decide the best routes
to get all of our spoils. Sometimes we couldn’t get them all, but even
so we’d just laugh about it while enjoying sake in the after party. 

I liked Yuri itself, but I was more enthusiastic about having friends to
share that passion with. I was so happy at that time with them.

Perhaps that’s the reason I feel more lively with people around me now,
because I know those fun memories with my friends in my previous life.

“Shiori! Come eat lunch!”

My mother’s calling from downstairs drew me out of my daydream. So I got
up from my bed and replied with an “Okay!”. As I left my room, the smell
of curry rose up from the first floor. By the way, yesterday’s dinner
was curry, so I can guess she used left overs for curry udon.

“The house smells like curry.”

“Well, it’s because we are having curry udon. Ah, go get tea and
chopsticks.”

I did as my mother told as she did the finishing touches in the kitchen.
I went straight to the cupboard to pick up cups and chopsticks. However
my feet stopped as my eyes honed in on what was casually placed on the
counter.

“W-Why. . . Is that here!?”

It was a Yuri novel I bought in spring. “Her and those Chocolate Days”

It was a book that I bought immediately after I regained my past life
memories. I was reading it while waiting to meet the drenched Sara on
the day of the entrance ceremony. It’s a sweet and embarrassing title,
but don’t underestimate it. It’s a masterpiece that carefully depicts a
maiden’s heart as two girl’s confront their feelings before Valentine’s
day. I’ve read it over and over again!

The problem is, why is that book here?

“Ah, I borrowed that book. I’ve already read it, so you could take it
back.”

“You read it!?”

“Yeah, it was interesting.”

You were able to understand it?

I could feel a cold sweat, Like I was a high school boy that’s erotic
book was found by his mother. Even more so that she read it all and put
it out in the living room.

However the onslaught from my mother did not end there.

“But really, you are so simple aren’t you? Because you fell in love with
a girl, you had to read a book about girl and girl romance?”

“. . . . . Huh?”

What did she just say?

No no, I like Yuri works because of my previous life. Regardless, it
doesn’t have anything to do with liking girls.

. . . .Eh? Wait, what did she mean by that?

“Eh? It was because you fell in love with Sara-chan, didn’t you start
reading these to study up? It coincides perfectly with when you first
met her.”

“Ummmm ahh, why do you know that. . ?”

“I found it when I changed your bed sheets in spring. When I took them
off it was underneath your pillow.”

It really did look like an erotic book hidden under the bed! ! !

Wait, that’s not what I mean! 

“Sara-chan is adorable, So that’s why you fell in love with her, right?”

“U-Um, Mom. . .?”

“Ara? Are you not in love?”

“. . . . .No, you are right.”

It’s true. My mother gave me a smug simile, knowing she won. It’s not
possible for me to deceive her.

I feel like she accepted that fairly easily though, is it okay? I guess
you’d expect it from a Yuri Game’s Heroine’s mother. They are fairly
open minded.

“Well, there seems to be many rivals, so do your best.”

“Okay. . .”

“Also, that book was really interesting, so if you have any
recommendations please lend me them.”

“You liked it!?!?”

After that, without hesitations we decided to use mail order.

In various ways, recently I got to understand my amazing mother more.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*I’m going to translate the author’s note at the end, because it relates
to the story.*

Author Note: In the first half, it was just the woes of a Yuri Otaku,
but I hope that the Pandemic will be over soon so we will be able to
hold Douujin’s events without any worries.

*Translator Notes now: This was a really cute chapter, despite this
being a chapter for the author to talk about her desires to go to events
again, it still gave more story with the mom knowing Shiori’s love. I
really love seeing Shiori and her family. She is obviously the teased
spoiled little sibling.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you once again Sleffy, we can hope it will be a nudge in the
right direction. Also Meowmeow, I don’t want to spoil, but there will be
more of those eventually.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0000_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0002_Chapter.md)

