[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0001_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0003_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 54: Siege

The summer vacation event for “Shiori” in the game is more plain
compared to the other two.

Koharu is a childhood friend and a classmate. She does homework with
Aoi, goes to the pool with her, and play with fireworks together at a
nearby park. And for Sara, I think it was an arcade and an aquarium
date?

On the other hand, Shiori is just a nice atmosphere, because all the
activities are based on the art club with just the two of them alone.
Plus leaving to buy materials together.

That episode in the art room has the main character falling asleep, to
then wake up and see “Shiori” reading a book with a face dyed by the
sunset near the window. Then saying “Because how cute your sleeping face
was, I was thinking I should have stolen them.” it was a pecking on the
lips episode. Now that it’s me, I could never say that, so I have to
avoid that. In the first place, I can’t be alone with her.

As for art materials, Koharu is also in the art club now, so you could
go together with her. If I’m going to leave for supplies, I’d choose
Yoko or Koharu to go with me in order to avoid it.

Alright, this will allow me to escape from my summer vacation event! I
will definitely run away!

And since both Sara and I are out of the Aoi love race, I would like it
if Koharu could do her best. For Sara and my sake!

I really don’t want to go to club activities. I will have to see Aoi and
Koharu if I’m there, however it can’t be helped because I need to make
something for the school festival art exhibition.

With that being the case, I should have finished something by summer
vacation, but I couldn’t.

During July I was chomping down on Yuri at home, but from August on I
will have to seriously be attending school.

“Sugimura-Senpai, It’s been a long time!”

Right as I entered the art room Aoi rushed to me as if she was waiting
for me. Her eyes still shone as she shook her phantom tail. She is small
but has big black eyes, almost looking like a Pomeranian.

However, why are the other members looking at Aoi with pleasant eyes?
It’s somewhat terrifying.

“This is nice, Aoi-chan. You were always talking about how
Sugimura-senpai wouldn’t come to club.”

“Yeah yeah, It felt like a loyal dog waiting for her master.”

“Geeze, please stop! Don’t say things like that!”

Ah, this is troublesome behavior. It looks like banter, but it’s still
completely supportive talk for her, my skin isn’t thin enough not to be
drawn in by my senpai.

Aoi is loved by her seniors, probably because she doesn’t hide her
favoritism for me. I may be overthinking it, but it feels like there is
pressure from the seniors saying “Don’t make Aoi sad”. Is her denying it
with lightly dyeing cheeks natural or calculated? In either case, this
makes it more difficult to deal with her.

Because I was curious I gently asked where Koharu was. She pointed and I
saw Koharu silently moving her brush on her canvas at a window seat.

“Ah- It’s been a long time. . . .Well, Keep at it.”

“Eh, is that all you have to say!? So blunt~!”

Still though. . .I’ll try not to get involved if I don’t have to, but I
don’t like this weird tension.

It reminds me of a time when I was in elementary school and had to talk
to a boy that didn’t like me for some reason, whenever we did there was
teasing and ridicule. This is stupid, why is she treating me like a bad
guy despite the fact all I want to do is help.

“Ah, Shiori-san, you always get her crazy welcomes. Aoi-chan I also want
to be welcomed.”

While having an internal crisis about what to do, Yoko seemed to have
just arrived and called out to Aoi. It was like air had finally reached
me after almost drowning. 

“Yoko-senpai you came yesterday. Right?”

“Eh~ you should welcome me even if we meet everyday.  So cold~”

Yoko treated Aoi kindly as I left.

For seats I secured a spot far from Aoi. I’m sorry that I always have to
treat Yoko cruelly. You are the best friend I could ask for!

I gave a sigh of relief and turned forward, however when I turned around
I noticed Koharu staring at me with her dark eyes. Even though it’s
midsummer, a chill ran down my spine.

Her eyes are – – -dangerous, so I quickly looked away. I want you to do
your best to raise your love. There are many events where you can during
summer vacation. Despite that she still might become more of a yandere.

This is tough, but the “Shiori” route was plain and easy to avoid.

However Koharu has joined the art club now, plus Aoi and Sara haven’t
become friends. I also like Sara instead of Aoi. Our situation is
completely different from the game. With that being the case, I should
fully consider that the behaviors and events involving each character
will be different- – – which is good?

“Hahh, I’m tired.”

Yoko finished her exchange with Aoi and threw her light bag at a nearby
seat.

“. . .I’m tired too. Thank you for saving me.”

“Ahaha, that’s unusually straightforward. A change of heart?”

“I’ll consider this penance for you telling Sara something extra last
time.”

Yoko laughed loudly as she remembered that.

Of course I don’t plan on this being the end of it. Later I’ll treat her
to some juice. Maybe some ice cream.

Regardless, this is a hassle now. I didn’t expect all members of the art
club to now be on Aoi’s side. Although you could expect it from the
loved heroine.

If I was confessed to from the front, I would refuse, but it feels like
gradually obstacles are being removed and key items are being added in a
tactical play.

If this is her strategy I can’t underestimate it, but am I overreacting?

From what I know from the game, Aoi is an innocent and straightforward
character. She reaches out to anyone in need and never talks bad about
anybody. She is curious, cheerful, and friendly.

As far as I could see, she hasn’t done anything that deviates from that
image. She is usually a good girl. She doesn’t seem to be doing anything
in a roundabout way.

So why then? 

Sometimes, I feel like that carefree smile is very horrifying. Somewhere
in the back of my heart there is a flashing red alarm.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*The gang is back. Aoi and Koharu. And all the trouble around them. I
wonder if Koharu knows about a dubious hidden side of Aoi or she is as
clueless. Now I’m curious to see what Aoi’s plan is, is she going to
alienate Shiori if she says no?*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you to Sleffy, Yeah Shiori’s mother is becoming my favorite
character, also Illu thank you for reading! and Wig_Girl, I am happy to
hear you are enjoying it! Thank you everybody for all the support!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0001_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0003_Chapter.md)

