[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0002_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0004_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 55: Childhood Friend

For lunch, I dragged Yoko out of the club room, and we ate in the
student council room. If we did something like eat in the art room, Aoi
would definitely stick to me like a dog.

We don’t have work to do, but it’s useful to be able to use the student
council room. With the exception of people involved in the council,
nobody even comes close to this room, and the teacher doesn’t come by
during their vacation.

For that reason Yoko and the president like to use the meeting room as a
rendezvous.

“What happened when I was gone. . .”

I grumbled about my problems half to myself, half to Yoko as she chomped
down on her yakisoba bread. She realized I didn’t know the details, so
with a worried face she began to explain it step by step.

“During July you didn’t come to the club at all, right? During summer
vacation you are free to use the club room for club activities, but it’s
okay not to come.”

“That’s right. However it seems that Shimamoto-san made a ruckus about
me not coming.”

“Yeah, yeah. She knew that you didn’t finish your painting for the
school festival, so she thought you would come eventually, but she’d
spill her frustration to her seniors often. Almost everyday.”

“Everyday!?!!”

What was she doing when I was living my happy yuri life at home? This
heroine! Everyday would usually be scary.

“However, I think all the seniors think that Shimamoto-chan loves you
like a junior loves their Senpai. They may not believe there are any
romantic feelings.”

“. . . With that attitude? No way.”

“Well who else is would be the school’s favorite Senpai? Honestly you
are very popular with the freshmen.”

“What? I’ve never heard anything about that. . .”

That’s unfortunate, if I would have noticed I was being treated as
longed for Onee-sama, I would have changed my behavior.

The image I’d picture in a light novel cover with wind blowing as
chaotic characters on the cover fly close to them. Actually, I wish I
didn’t know this.

“Well you have high specs. Good face, good style, good grades, athletic
besides in sports. You are actually useless romantic, but the juniors
don’t know that.”

“Don’t call me useless. I’m just not used to it.”

“You are also innocent, and that’s also a gap moe! That’s why all the
seniors think that Shimamoto-chan is just approaching you as a cute
junior who wants to get closer to her longed for Senpai. They are just
having fun cheering her on.”

Yoko’s guess is probably right, if they knew she was romantically
interested they wouldn’t support her so openly. Seniors wouldn’t be that
insensitive.

However this is still troublesome. I’d like it if they would stop egging
on Aoi, but what could be done?

“Shimamoto-chan is also a good girl, but there could be trouble if those
feelings turn into more than just senior and junior.”

“Well, she is a good girl, so that makes this even more difficult to
handle.”

If handled poorly I would be made the bad guy. So I must do my best to
be careful and keep my distance as much as possible.

I thought I only had to pay close attention to Aoi and Koharu, so I
didn’t expect that bystanders would participate in this battle. I just
wanted to concentrate on the Sara conquest.

“Even yesterday, she was saying “I want to get along with
Sugimure-Senpai, but what should I do?””

“Wah She isn’t even hiding it. So what did the seniors say?”

“”Aoi-chan is a good girl, so Shiori must also thinks you are cute! So
just strike and face her head on!” is what they said”

“Stop. . .Really stop!”

I began to tremble as I imagined that smile filled with love slamming
into me. If she went head first and confessed to me, I can refuse it
once and for all, but for her to be darting around like a small animal-
– – I think that is the cute image suitable for her, but it’s also
unpleasant for her to approach me. Moreover now there is interference
from the outfield.

Then I realized that there was a person actually involved that wasn’t
mentioned.

“Hey, what was Wakashima-san doing during this?”

What was Koharu doing? She asserted her love for Aoi to me specifically.
As a senpai, I shouldn’t have a junior misunderstand this.

Her dark eyes that I just saw made my heart restless. What did she think
while Aoi was having those exchanges with her seniors? Now that I like
Sara, the pain must be beyond my imagination.

“Wakashima-chan? Well, I think she would just normally paint her
picture. I don’t think she really participated in the talk.”

“. . .I see.”

I’d like to talk with Koharu. The situation is worse than before, and
I’m really worried about those eyes. I’m going to be stabbed at this
rate.

Aoi may already be on the “Shiori” route. However, she should change it
to the “Koharu” route. She is still scary, and I really don’t want to
get close. However I can’t hate her for having those painful feelings
for Aoi.

Now that I’m completely trusted by Sara and not even an object of
interest for her, I have some sympathy and compassion for Koharu. I’d
want her love to be rewarded.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

(Could we talk?)

Koharu gave me her contact information after we met at the chapel. I was
worried that I might have been ignored, but soon after I sent it I got a
reply.

I was prepared for her to refuse the call, but now I’m scared that she
unexpectedly accepted. Will blades appear this time? No, No way. . .I
believe in Koharu!

Despite my inner conflict and fears, In the early morning of the next
day, Koharu came to the chapel with an unreadable expression. A withered
air around her, and dark powerless eyes.

“Good morning. Thank you for coming.”

“Good morning. . . let’s get it over with.”

As cold as always. However, I think it’s understandable. Seeing as your
love rival is always trying to be pleasant with you.

“I think you already know, but it’s about Shimamoto-san.”

“I assumed so, there is no other reason to call me out.”

“Yeah. . .As I said before, I have no intention of responding to
Shimamoto-san’s feelings. I want to reassure Wakashima-san, because the
club room is getting really excited and going in a strange direction.”

It was rather hard to say because it still felt like it was rude to
always tell Koharu this.

However after hearing that I expected her to change a little, but she
didn’t. She just nodded and said “Is that so?”

“Also, your expression has been dark ever since I saw you yesterday. Are
you okay? I’m also worried about that. . .”

“It’s ironic that you’re worried about that, despite Aoi not even
noticing.”

“Huh. . .”

I think it was because Koharu always behaved brave before Aoi. In fact I
noticed more because I am careful around her, so I could notice changes.
Yesterday Koharu oozed exhaustion.

–   – I think she wanted Aoi to notice.

“I am never in Aoi-chan’s eyes. I’m like nothing of note to her. My
presence is invisible, I’m not even hated nor loved.”

“You can’t say that.”

“Well, I’m below somebody even visible.”

I can’t just say that’s not the case. It would be unforgivable to Koharu
to be told that by a third party who isn’t familiar with her, and on top
of that also her love rival.

I swallowed those words.

What should I say to her? She is saying all these sad things in an
emotionless tone.

“I was also asked to cooperate with her. Unlike all those other senpai,
She wanted me to support her in getting Sugimura-senpai’s love.”

“!!!”

How cruel!

I’ve read that situation countless times in Yuri manga and novels, but
it may be even more painful than a normal heart break.

Aoi isn’t a bad person. She doesn’t know how Koharu feels, she is just
in love with me. It is common to ask your friends for help. Rather, she
must trust her alot to reveal she is in love with another girl.

“It’s painful, and I’ve been trying not to be with her these past days.
I was always by her side, so I said “but Sugimura-senpai might
misunderstand if we are always together”, and she easily agreed.”

“That’s. . .”

“I’m just that much to her. So I. . . give up.”

She couldn’t get it all through without squeezing it out. She didn’t
even fight it. Now she’s giving up on her childhood friend that was
always by her side all the time. For Aoi, how does she see their bond
after spending that kind of time with Koharu?

She always goes to school with Aoi, but in the morning I did think it
was strange that she was alone, however I never thought this would
happen.

I couldn’t see her face, but I could see the hands holding her skirt
were shaking.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Well that was painful, now I feel bad for Koharu. She really was dealt
the short end of the stick. It’s not even like Shiori and Sara. Shiori
at least gets to be her friend and with her. Koharu is alone. I hope
Shiori can be there to comfort her and give her some friendship. Maybe
even Yoko.*

*Next chapter might take some time. It’s a long exposition chapter.*

*Before the Aoi hate, Shiori has noted this and it is a theme in the
story. When in love you become narrow minded, ignoring others feelings
and those around you. So it might not be that deep and evil.*

*Like if you did:*

*Also thank you once again Sleffy, seems like Shiori’s suspicion led her
to a dark plan.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0002_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0004_Chapter.md)

