[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0003_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0005_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 56: The Cost of Choice

Beyond the view of the game, through the monitor, I saw a familiar face.

Ah, I remember this feeling. It was similar to when I had that dream
about Sara in spring. That’s me, well not me, but the game me, “Shiori”.

Beyond the thin screen, I saw perhaps how I used to be, that bored
uninterested face.

“Shiori Sugimura” the girl who was not apathetic to people, but was also
not interested in them.

Socializing was annoying, and she just wanted to spend her time relaxing
at home.

That doesn’t mean she is going to devote herself to anything, and she
isn’t going to pretend to be a lone wolf. She learned how to do
half-hearted clever ways of dealing with people, keeping them at a
proper distance, and having many but shallow relationships. Never going
too deep into them.

Moreover, it’s best not to take things seriously. Except for class and
homework, just study a little and review before the exam. Able to keep
decent grades while never standing out, along with being blessed with
good looks. 

Most things can be done with little to no effort, resulting in a barely
noticeable 15 year old.

(I’m embarrassed to see myself like this. . .)

This was undoubtedly how I acted before spring holiday. Before I
regained my memory, I was conceited, living carefree, taking whatever
was an easy victory.

If possible, I’d like to slap myself from behind the monitor and say
“Wake up!”

However a turning point would come to “Shiori”.

It was “Aoi Shimamoto”, her junior who just joined the art club.

She was a curious freshman that always would happily smile. Never
denying anybody and never treating anyone special. Those she just met in
the art club she’d treat them like close friends, as if they were her
childhood friend Koharu. “Aoi” ‘s indiscriminate smile quickly made her
become popular and naturally the center of attention, but it seemed
unnatural to “Shiori”.

She’s seen many popular people, but something was different about “Aoi
Shimamoto”. It was as if she forced herself to be close to everybody.

A character loved by everyone, but it seems like nobody is earnestly
connecting with her, because she says whatever they want to hear.
Moreover, she herself may not even be aware of that weird kink.

“Shiori” thought that, and it was unusual for her to be interested in
another person, so she started to frequently tease her.

“Oh? Did you drink that juice? It was delicious- – fufu, like an
indirect kiss.”

“Oh, do you like my style? Well thank you, would you like me to be your
nude model?”

“Geeze, saying that. . .are you inviting me?”

It didn’t bother me in the game, but when I see it from a third person’s
perspective, as if they are a real person, it’s like I’m completely a
molester. She has the same face and voice as me, don’t make me say that!
It’s like the sexual harassments that Yoko would say! I wanted to cover
my eyes, but I couldn’t.

It was good thing I was able to remember the memories from a previous
life. It’s really good! That could have been me!

At the beginning Aoi was bashful and cute, if not perhaps wanting to run
away. In response to sexual harassment she received one of her Senpai,
she began wanting to ask “Do you really want that?”. However she
gradually got used to it, and at times she’d occasionally fire back.

Finally, “Shiori” felt a peace of mind as she seemed to have found the
true “Aoi”.

However the other person is “Aoi”. She couldn’t help but think that the
“true” self may have just been what “Shiori” wanted to see.

Shiori begun saying words she wouldn’t before, become shy, angry, and
sometimes feel downhearted.

“Shiroi” became impatient when she realized that she was attracted to
her.

After all, she had little interest in others. But to just jump into
love, and realizing she’s in love with another girl, she didn’t know
what to do.

Their distance was shortened and they started to go out together. She
began to share those childish features she never showed at school. There
were times that the feeling of being more than a junior could be seen
behind ”Aoi”’s smile, but she was “Aoi”.

She just couldn’t be confident, and the pride of being a senior became
an obstacle.

She really wanted to go to the school festival together with “Aoi”, but
she didn’t because of those eyes around her. She became jealous of her
childhood friend Koharu.

At the after night festival “Shiori” looked down from the art club
window. Down to the school playground, looking for “Aoi”. When suddenly,
an out of breath “Aoi” ran into the room, there she confessed. Those two
were happily tied together after that.

. . . . .Huh. Unlike that dream with Sara, I was actually in love with
“Aoi”. Well “Shiori” was unexpectedly a loser, and “Aoi” was much more
of a schemer than I expected. I mean, is our Aoi like that?

Sure she smiles equally to everyone, and it might be the case she is
simply responding in the best way to make them happy. But I am sure
those are the secrets hidden underneath that smile?

The love drama is deeper than what you see on the monitor, it was now a
distorted story with similar characters attracted to each other.

It’s not as earth shattering as the “Sara” dream, but I can’t just
ignore it.

 However the show didn’t end there. Time began to fly, although in
reverse. It was rewinding. At the center was no longer “Shiori” or “Aoi”
but another heroine.

“Eh, Koharu?!?”

After that movie was over, another began to suddenly play.

“Aoi” was surrounded by everyone, along with “Shiori”, the flirting girl
always besides her. And, as those two’s distance gradually narrowed, a
certain person’s sense of impatience grew. “Koharu”’s.

At first it was “Aoi” that was shaken by “Shiori” approaches. She was
just a senpai that took her under her wing and would often tease her,
but as she began to know her more, she became just a pretty girl.

For that love “Aoi” first consulted with “Koharu” asking for her
support. It wasn’t just that, but more and more she would refuse
invitations to hang out, so she could make more time with “Shiori”, and
less time was spent with her.

“This sounds very familiar. . .”

Naturally “Koharu” resented “Shiori”. The girl who had robbed her of
“Aoi”. “Aoi” didn’t know that it disturbed her though. She didn’t know
about “Koharu” feelings. And “Aoi” would happily mention the name of her
love rival all the time.

“Speaking of Shiori-senpai, she would tease me right away.”

“This time, I’m going to the art supply store with Shiori-senpai.”

“Sometimes, I think Shiori-senpai also likes me, but what do you think,
Koharu?”

At first she had a grudge against “Shiori” and would be proactive in
being an obstacle between the two. However, every time she talks about
her love for “Shiori”, her feelings began to fracture. Gradually, she
lost the energy to get in their way, and had no hopes in making an
unexpected confession. So she gave up almost like she was forced to.

And on the day of the school festival that was when she took a finishing
blow. At the after school party, sitting side by side at the campfire,
“Aoi” declared that she would confess to “Shiori”, and asked her if she
could help find her.

She couldn’t deny Aoi, nevertheless she forced her self to walk around
the school as told. It was then as she wandered around, she ended up
near the art room. There she saw two new lovers kiss after a confession.
“Aoi” found “Shiori” before she did. 

That was the time “Koharu”’s heart completely broke. No matter what she
did, it was apparent now that she couldn’t get “Aoi”.

After that “Koharu” began to distance herself from “Aoi”, though none of
those scenes were in the game.

I suddenly popped out from the screen before me. I opened my eyes to see
the dim ceiling of my room.

I had to think about it again. It was just like when I had that dream
about “Sara”. I woke up as if I was kicked out of the theater, as if
they were saying “Shows over go home.”

What the hell was that dream? It was definitely not just a dream. Dreams
are usually vague memories, blurring and hard to see. However this is
like a vision, it’s was so clear.

And there were various things that I learned from seeing it.

“Well, both the “Shiori” route and the “Sara” route are bad endings for
“Koharu”. . .”

Koharu has been thinking about “Aoi” from the beginning. The routes with
the other heroines are the broken heart routes. The game didn’t portray
“Koharu”’s feelings, so I thought because they were friends since
childhood, and she didn’t seem to be selfish, things would be okay for
her and Aoi. However that was not the case. “Koharu”’s feelings couldn’t
be that shallow.

“I thought that the way “Aoi” was treating “Koharu” was terrible, but
it’s different. . . this is just like the game.”

In order to capture “Shiori” or “Sara” in the game, it is necessary to
lower the favorability of “Koharu”. That was an essential game strategy.

It was just choosing an option to prioritize your capture target, but
that wasn’t the only purpose. It wasn’t lowering “Koharu” liking, but
rather breaking her heart and getting her to give up.

“Break her heart so she doesn’t get in the way. By doing that, you can
capture them smoothly. . .”

Behind those cute illustrations, a terrible thing was happening to her.
Every time the player happily pressed the enter key they were destroying
a girl’s heart.

This is exactly what is happening to Koharu now. She has been broken so
many times, and even told me, her love rival, she has given up. To be
honest I feel more sympathy for her rather than fear of blades.

That being said, I’m not the kind of person to go through the trouble of
cheering up Koharu, and cooperating in advancing her relationship with
Aoi. I don’t have the surplus to take care of somebody that much.

“But as far as I saw earlier, there was a time when I represented
“Shiori” and took over Koharu’s grudge. Knowing that I’m glad I didn’t
get stabbed. . .”

Although I didn’t see it in the “Sara” route, it’s probably the same
broken heart method. 

However, why did she keep her distance in the “Shiori” route, but acted
rashly on the “Sara” route?

Wasn’t her heart broken? What is the difference between seeing and not
seeing the confession scene?

In any case, I can’t let my guard fully down unless I know the reason.

Because right now, I’m definitely the number one target for Koharu’s
blade.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Huge exposition chapter, and we now know a lot. Koharu is definitely
the victim in this huge show. And Aoi is confirmed to be hiding herself,
but doesn’t seem like it’s an evil self. Just want to be liked. Also she
isn’t aware of Koharu’s feelings. Atleast from everything we’ve seen so
far, may it will change if Shiori has an Aoi pov dream. *

*Next chapter might take a bit longer, I kinda want to catch up on the
other novels I’ve translated seeing as they’ve gotten some updates.  So
about 3 chapters. However both stories are way easier to translate than
this one.*

*Anyways like if you did*

*Also thank you once again Sleffy, now it’s even more sad. Koharu is
definitely dealt the short end of the stick. Also Asylinn for the
donation. I really appreciate it.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0003_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0005_Chapter.md)

