[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0004_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0006_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 57: Yukata

Because of that dream I completely lost any desire to go to the club
room. I was getting sick of being fiercely exposed to Aoi’s attempts of
appeal, while knowing about the crushed “Koharu” from my dream. I don’t
know what kind of face I should meet her with.

For my mental recovery I decided to take a break from club activities
and catch up on online Yuri works.

I returned to my room after breakfast, when suddenly I received a
message from Sara.

(Since summer vacation began I miss you every day ! Right now we’d
normally be on the train together!)

–   – Too cute!!

Aoi and those dreams were cleansed right after seeing that message sent
along with a crying character stamp. So she feels lonely. Even if we
can’t meet everyday, we continued to study and cook once a week. Even so
she was still lonely, huh?

In that case, there is only one thing I can do. So I brought up Sara’s
name on my smartphone’s contact list, and tapped the call button.

“Good morning. Are you free today?”

There are some things I can think of to do, so let’s use those as an
excuse. 

Sara was surprised by the sudden invitation, despite that, we decided to
meet up today.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“Pardon the intrusion~”

Two hours later, I visited Sara’s house with a large paper bag in hand.
We did schedule this, but still pardon the intrusion.

Sara welcomed me in with a cool white off the top shoulder top and a
striped knee-length skirt for a breezy look, she looked very cute today.
I had trouble attempting to avert my eyes from her dazzling white
shoulders. Just in three second, the adolescent boy popped up once more.

“I’m sorry for suddenly asking you out.”

“It’s fine, I did say I was lonely. I’m glad that you came.”

Ahh- I have been healed. My guess is she is an angel. So much happiness
reached me that my soul began to slacken. My heart has already melted,
however my face doesn’t reveal it at all, I think I’m quite well trained
now.

I entered the familiar living room and placed my luggage in the usual
place. Then moved on to show the excuse I came with.

“Well. We did talk about it on the phone earlier, but this is my
sister’s Yukata.”

I used the Yukata as an excuse for Sara’s planned firework trip. It
would be annoying for Sara, who lives alone, to buy a yukata that she
would only wear once a year, plus it’d be a headache to store. So I
asked my mother “Could she just wear Onee-chan’s Yukata?”. My Onee-chan
is currently living alone, and seemed to have bought a new yukata over
there, so she won’t be using it this year. She bought her own with her
own money. My mother was a little disappointed saying “I wish it could
stay with the family.” although she was happy to hear that Sara would
wear it.

“You saved me, but is this really okay?”

“It’s fine. My mother said it was fine, and I think it would look good
on you. If you are alright with it, at least try wearing it.”

“Well, okay. I’ll try it once. Oh should I undress?”

She lightly pinched her off-shoulder top sleeve and tilted her neck. My
imagination was going crazy as I froze up, but I somehow managed to
squeak out “You are wearing light clothes, so putting it on top of it
will be okay.”. . . would that be a problem?

I decided she could just wear it as her yukata undergarment. It isn’t a
good enough excuse for her not to change into something even lighter,
but I’d feel guilty for seeing her underwear now that I hold these
romantic feelings for her.

I pretended to be calm as I pulled the Yukata out of the bag, Sara’s
expression was brilliant.

“Wah, it’s so wonderfully adult!”

“Is that so?”

Onee-chan’s Yukata had a flower pattern. It had a white base background
and blue “fringed pink” flowers, making it elegant and simple. It had a
moderately retro feel. The flower designs are also very pretty, so it is
perfectly made for Sara’s cute image.

It was a good memory remembering going out and buying this with her.

I asked Sara to put it on so she put her arms through the yukata, and I
tightened the obi on her. As I expected it looked really good.

“My Onee-chan went out to buy it for her first festival date with her
boyfriend. She was wondering what flower pattern to get, until the clerk
mentioned that if it was for a date with a boy, then it would definitely
be a good Yukata to wear.”

“Why is this pattern good for a date?”

“It’s said that in flower language, fringed pink says “pure love”, but
maybe she just said that because my Onee-chan was taking too long.”

That was the thing that pushed my indecisive Onee-chan. It seems that
superstition was the finale factor deciding between two favored outfits.
By the way, my Onee-chan is still dating that person, so perhaps that
superstition was effective. I absolutely want to follow in her
footsteps.

“Well, I’ll graciously borrow it. I’m looking forward to the firework
show.”

“Yeah, I’m also looking forward to it.”

“Hey, What kind of Yukata does Shiori-san have?”

“I have a Chinese bellflower pattern. It’s a normal white base with a
purplish Chinese bellflower pattern on it. The color sorta matches
Sara’s.” 

I took my smartphone out and showed her a picture of me wearing it. Sara
said “You look younger in that picture! Cute!”

“If we wear Yukata so similar we’ll look like really close friends. We’d
be twin fashioned.”

“You’d like to look like that? Do you want to wear some matching
accessories?”

“Yes!! Let’s go pick some next time!”

For girls, I think it would be nice to easily create that special
feeling with such small things. I’m not very interested in wearing
matching clothes nor twin outfits with somebody, but it’s not bad if I
think about me connecting with Sara.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“Are you sleepy Shiori-san?”

After having lunch with her, I was relaxing on Sara’s couch.

Last night I couldn’t sleep because of that dream, but it seems that it
was obvious to Sara. My feeling of fullness after eating, along with the
comfortable air conditioning led to constant yawning.

“Ah, sorry. I barely slept yesterday.”

“I see, It has been hot every night. Do you want to take a small nap?”

“Well, It would be rude to come here just to end up going to sleep. . .”

“Don’t worry about it, I can play games on my smartphone. So, kindly
help yourself.”

Sara patted her thighs and invited me with a smile.

Sleep there? Is she naturally offering me a lap pillow? I’m a little
confused but also the invitation sounds very attractive. After some
internal conflict, I slowly raised the white flag.

“You really like lap pillows?”

“Ah, I guess I did expose it. Though I’m somewhat sure you’d like the
feeling of being spoiled.”

“. . .Well, I’ll act spoil a little. Tell me if your legs become numb.”

“O-k, good night.”

Sara’s lap pillow did feel uncomfortable, but it was also reassuring.
Warm, soft, carrying a sweet scent. In addition to light gentle strokes,
it couldn’t be beaten.

By the way, I heard those you love you’d like their scent, but does that
work with the same sex? I hope it applies. At least, I didn’t have a bad
experience.

Letting my mind wander, it also began to slowly sink away. 

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*A very cute light chapter. Some more Sara and Shiori fluff. You love to
read it. Anyways thank you for your patience as I translate my other
projects. I still have 2 other chapters. The last one was more complex
than I expected. *

*So the next chapter will take a little longer as well as I will
translate another chapter from my other story. Then I will come back to
that, and ping pong the last one. Then full steam on this story.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you sleffy for the tip, and the patience. I can also relate,
my high school experience wasn’t the best. And anonymous for the tip, I
really appreciate it.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0004_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0006_Chapter.md)

