[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0010_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0012_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 63: According to a Young Girl (2)

“. . . I’m at a loss.”

I was wondering what was the trigger for Aoi to go onto the “Koharu”
route, it ended up being her choice in choosing her club. It can’t be
helped now. Aoi is already the center of the art club. Even the other
day Koharu, who was already away from Aoi, was just alone. I don’t think
Koharu will change in this environment where she is only praised by her
love rival.

And above all, that dark smile she had at the end.

“Why is she yandering even the happy ending!? Isn’t that the scene where
you give a radiant smile! ! “

Honestly I still don’t understand. It should be the climax, gaining her
self-esteem and getting the girl. Happiness with no complaints. Then why
the lightless eyes?

From Aoi’s point of view. . .Ah, the kissing scene was after that, and
their eyes were closed. After seeing that Yandere smile, that beautiful
still from the god artist became terrifying. Goodbye beautiful memories.

However, it’s not that I had no info. The bed scene in the “Koharu”
route has new meaning. The way Koharu embraces Aoi is. . . rather
clingy. Hugging and embracing her closely many times over and over
again, pushing her down and more.

(Hey, do you like me?)

(I’ll make you only think of me.)

(Drown in more pleasure. . .So you can’t live without me.)

That dialogue has completely new meaning after finding out about this
new darkside to Koharu. Even though it was such classic lines, it now
had a hint of madness.

The way she was embracing and hugging was probably just a reaction to
her complex up to that point. When I played the game I just thought it
was because her love was heavy after holding onto her crush for so many
years!

“It’s impossible. It’s beyond my control. . .”

The opportunity to restore Koharu’s self-confidence is already gone. In
other words, it was not tied to Aoi. It’s a straight route to the bad
end. The bad end in the “Koharu” route occurs when Aoi- – -or rather the
player tries to capture another heroine halfheartedly, where the
likeability isn’t enough raised in time. The current situation now is
where Aoi is interested in me, but she hasn’t increased my likability
for her. Keeping it low was what I was purposely doing!

“Or rather, it’s her parents. . ! This is the Pygmalion effect, but
negatively! This is what it really is! Damnit! !”

The psychological phenomenon where high expectations lead to improved
performance. In my past life when I was a cram school teacher, It was
one of the psychology things I was conscious of in order to improve the
academic ability of my students.

However it is the opposite of it. This is called the Golem effect. If
you are branded a failure, that will impact how you think about yourself
and how you act. It will lead to stagnation, which impacts how other
people believe and enforce your own belief. It is a vicious circle, and
you won’t be able to get out of it.

For Koharu, she was treated as useless since adolescence, so of course
she wouldn’t gain confidence. Rather than that, it would’ve been best if
she recovered in the happy ending.

“Hah- – -, this is tough. I don’t want to deal with this. I just wanted
to ensure Sara and my safety and have Aoi and Koharu look away. . !”

I don’t think that can be done anymore. The situation is so different
between the games now. I should be fine if I shake Aoi off. The question
is how to get them off. If possible, I just want to spend my life in
peace. Urgently.

Besides, there is another thing I wanted to look away from for some
time. Beyond the film I watched, “Koharu” had begun another route. I
haven’t awakened from this dream yet, so that means I have to see
something else following this. It was a happy ending. So what more is it
going to show me? Will it stop this time and continue tomorrow? I wish
there was a pause button.

Although similar to before, it started in the middle. After enrolling in
the cooking club, she gradually regained her self-confidence. And- – –

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“Hey, Koharu. I have a favorite person.”

A childhood friend with never before seen lightly dyed cheeks said to
her. Moreover, Koharu was told that it was a girl from Tsubakigaoka and
they were already dating.

Recently it felt like something was wrong. She was oddly excited,
looking at her smartphone more often during her spare time, and went out
somewhere she didn’t say on her days off. She knew that something was
going on.

“She’s a very beautiful girl. At first she couldn’t deal with me at all,
but I pushed and pushed and we got on good terms. I threw caution to the
wind and confessed yesterday, and it worked out. . .”

Koharu wanted to close her ears as Aoi ecstatically retells the story of
their love, how they met and all the details. If her favorite person is
happy, that’s fine. But that’s a fantasy. It’s lip service. It was her
failure behind that bluff.

That self-confidence that was recovering and the self-affirmation was
shattered and crumbled. Due to the fact that the person who she thought
about never acknowledged her. It all fell into pieces.

“Yeah. . .That’s wonderful.”

The congratulation spilled coldly from her mouth. She didn’t skillfully
break into laughter, but it wasn’t reflected in the eyes of the excited
Aoi.

Beautiful appearance, excellent academic skills, and Aoi.

This girl named “Sara Fujioka” had everything Koharu wanted. She was
jealous and resentful. God was so unfair! Why is this kid so blessed,
while Koharu didn’t get anything? If she already had that many at least
Aoi could be handed over to her.

Since then, Aoi has almost always spent her holidays with Sara. She
didn’t even seem to tell her other friends about Sara, and all her sweet
interactions with her first lover were shared with Koharu. Even though
she didn’t normally treat her like that, why did she only go to her to
talk about her love life? She didn’t want that special interaction.

Everytime Aoi said Sara’s name, it felt like muddy coal tar was thrown
at her heart. Every Time she saw that happy smile, she felt her love
bleed.

“If you have someone you like, I’ll support you!”

Although she could read the air so much, she never noticed my love at
all, and now she had to say such a cruel thing? How long do I have to
feel like this?

Gradually the time with Aoi became painful for Koharu, but sure enough
she loved being with her.

She didn’t need to meet Aoi, so Koharu’s days off were free. One day she
was relaxing in her room not doing anything, when a light knock tapped
her door. It was her sister two years older than her. 

“Koharu, is right now a good time?”

Koiharu is closer to the second daughter than the eldest. Partly because
they are closer in age, and because the oldest daughter is strict with
others. The middle sister has an open hearted personality that is easy
to get along with.

The oldest went from elementary school to college via an escalator
system, the middle sister simply went to Tsubakigaoka.

“I got these movie tickets in advance, but I thought I could go with
Koharu.”

“Eh, why? Onee-chan could just go. Go with your boyfriend or friends.”

“I broke up with my boyfriend, and I’m afraid to go with my friends, so
let’s just go together.”

“Eh, why did you break up!?”

She’s only seen them in pictures, but she thought he was a good young
man who looked nice and looked good with her. Koharu was shocked and
instinctively listened, but her sister simply explained with a slightly
bitter look.

“There is this ridiculous beautiful girl in the first year. He fell in
love with her and wanted to break up. Through and through it was about
looks.”

“. . .But Onee-chan is also beautiful.”

“Thank you, but Sara Fujioka is frustratingly exceptional. Rather, I
feel like my ex-boyfriend forgot what league he is in. No way he is on
her level. But It’s my defeat.”

- –   –  Sara Fujioka?

The unforgettable name quickly made her pale.

First grader at Tsubakigaoka. A beautiful girl. Sara Fujioka. It has to
be her. Stealing Aoi’s heart and now robbing her sister’s boyfriend. .
.It’s unforgivable.

She wasn’t interested in her sister’s boyfriend, but it’s apparent that
she is once again taking another thing from around her, this further
increased her hatred for Sara.

“It must be difficult to be so beautiful but. . . I wonder what kind of
person she would go out with?”

Despite having her boyfriend stolen, her older sister said in a
sympathetic voice. That echoed in Koharu’s ears.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*So the villain arc is shown. And man, is Aoi neglectful. All of this
wouldn’t have happened if Aoi was a little more self-aware. Self aware
enough to realize Koharu was in pain, and that Sara was simply a forced
facade. I wonder what will happen next, it will continue in the next
part, about the next part. . .*

*My mother got covid, so I most likely got it as well. So along with
needing to take care of her, and probably my family/me. So the next
chapter will probably be delayed based on how it develops. No worries
though, I got the booster along with my family, we are healthy, and my
mother has it mild and is doing okay. So we’ll be fine, but just
occupied. So please be patient.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you once again sleffy, yeah, but the path seems difficult as
well. I really hope Shiori helps Koharu while also getting her own
girl.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0010_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0012_Chapter.md)

