[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0013_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0015_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 66: According to a Young Girl (4)

AN: This chapter involves a bloody scene, Viewer discretion is advised

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Downstairs from the cinema complex, at the corner of the food court,
Koharu held her head down. She wondered how long she was like this. The
untouched cafe au lait placed before her was already lukewarm.

“What do I do. . .”

Several sighs later, Koharu muttered to herself. She has now met the
rumored person, but how does she separate them? She is no longer on the
fence about whether or not she wanted them to break up because of her
own jealousy or for Aoi’s sake. Despite that, she didn’t know where to
go from there. At any rate, she has to pull her away from Aoi.

Sara Fujioka- – -Why does a woman like that need to exist? A devilish
woman who uses her looks to play with people. Aoi doesn’t have money to
support her, so perhaps the only reason is to mess with a new toy. 

That’s such a pointless thing to do, how wicked can you get?

As Koharu thought about Sara, she suddenly heard a high-pitched laugh
from a seat over. She doesn’t usually mind others besides her, but as
distraught as she is now she’s a little annoyed.

Koharu looked over and saw two women, both looking about college age
students, they were sitting and talking. Flashy brown dyed hair, people
sitting and wearing stylish fashion. The laughter belonged to one of
them.

“That is old news, I already broke up with him. I didn’t really like
him. After that I went out with a nurse trainee and now I’m going out
with a junior at university.”

Apparently her stylish friend seems to be a woman with a lot of love
experience.

She doesn’t look like the type at first glance, but that’s why the other
person must have been coaxed along.

Either way it’s not a pleasant talk. Especially given the timing, it
reminds her of Sara which she didn’t like.

“Haaah~? How long have you been bouncing between from one boy to the
next? I guess things don’t change~? So is this new boyfriend hot?”

“Well right now I wanted a little change, so I’m dating this pure
hearted virgin, but his looks and wallet are average.”

“Eh-, you usually just boast about the faces and money? Did you finally
wake up and find your true love?”

“Ahahaha, No way! What a joke! You know, if you only have the treats,
you would want a palate cleanser sometimes? Kinda like Sushi ginger?”

They thought maybe they’d say something good, but the high-pitched
laughter echoed her character. It’s so painful that it’s giving her a
headache. Now she is more concerned about what they are being told.

Like Sara, somebody who dates sugar daddies- – -goes through men one
after another, is that why she is going out with Aoi? Just like that
college student, Aoi is just a palate cleanser.

“That poor junior getting caught by you. . . Shouldn’t you break up
while the wound is shallow?”

“Even if you say that, I’m not going to date him for long. Well you
know, I wonder if I should break up with him right after getting his
long first time~”

“You, the actual incarnation of falling from heaven to hell. . .”

“Ahahaha, but sometimes it isn’t bad either. I love it! He’s like a dog
wagging his tail all the time-.”

Koharu’s blood boiled throughout her own body.

Palate cleanser? Not intending to date long? Taking their first
time?(*TN: This is* *ハジメテをパクッと , I have no idea really if it’s
right. If anybody can help it’d be really nice, I can’t find anything
online about it.*)

The rest of the conversation wasn’t heard. Koharu was stuck in her head
now, she could only see Sara throwing away Aoi as if she was a toy. And
how Aoi wagged her tail while talking to Sara. Sara’s distorted smile
makes it obvious there is a hidden story.

- –  – No good!

Her imagination turned into conviction, and a strong hatred sprouted
within Kohar’s heart. 

She could never allow such a thing to happen.

It will hurt aoi, she could be defiled. She can’t let such a woman place
a single finger on Aoi-chan.

Won’t allow it. . .Won’t allow it Won’t allow it  Won’t allow it  Won’t
allow it  Won’t allow it  Won’t allow it  Won’t allow it  Won’t allow
it  Won’t allow it  Won’t allow it  Won’t allow it  Won’t allow it Won’t
allow it Won’t allow it Won’t allow it WON’T ALLOW IT Won’t allow it
WON’T ALLOW IT WON’T ALLOW IT WON’T ALLOW IT WON’T ALLOW IT !

“Geeze for real though, you know sooner or later you could seriously be
stabbed?”

“Eh, so harsh-.”

Ah, that’s right. If you stab her- – -that woman disappears, Aoi will be
saved. Surely those many other people deceived by her will be free. 

Such a woman shouldn’t exist, she should quickly disappear.

“I have to protect Aoi. . .”

She muttered as she slowly stood up. With a very gentle smile, no one
would think she was going to do something ridiculous. There was no
hesitation in her steps as she walked straight to the kitchenware
section of the store. Leaving the untouched cafe au laite behind.

- –   – 15 minutes later.

She bought a 15 cm broad bladed kitchen knife. Koharu has never thought
about stabbing somebody. She couldn’t tell which would be the deadliest,
so she chose it just because of its solid thickness and length.

“. . .Ok.”

In a private woman’s bathroom, with trembling hands, she peeled the
packaging off the knife, touching the bare blade. While feeling the
firmness of the handle, she closed her eyes. Now that she bought it, she
had to do it.

She put the knife in her tote bag ready to be taken out as she waited at
the cinema complex. With the movie for Aoi and Sara being over she
waited like an animal stalking for her prey.

Perhaps because of the adrenalin, she was very uncomfortable. Her
sensations were oddly sharp. Her surroundings felt like they slowed to a
crawl.

Her heartbeat was getting noisier. Her body felt hot, but her fingertips
felt frozen. Everything was louder with ringing buzz, causing more
discomfort.

Unlike the time she bought the kitchen knife, Koharu waited with her
strange behavior. As her breath roughed, and eyes red.

The time came. She followed the two with her eyes after they left the
theater. Koharu bought a magazine. She held it to cover her and kept a
good distance so they would not notice her as they crossed the lobby.
After that she stood up and started to move.

At first she walked slowly, but gradually quickened, up until she got
closer around 5m. She put her hand in her tote back and rushed to close
the distance, like an animal about to pounce, she closed the distance.

“You!  It’s all because of you, Aoi-chan. . .! If it wasn’t for youuu
aaaaaaah!!”

Aiming for Sara as she began to turn around. Don\*! She threw herself
into her while bracing the kitchen knife, more than half of the blade
easily went into her. It was surprisingly easy, Koharu’s heart began to
sink. She opened her eyes to see Sara looking into them, they were up
close with faint glimmers.

- –  – Still alive.

As she tried to pull out the knife, her hand slipped, she couldn’t grasp
it well. With more force than when she stabbed her she pulled it. Sara
was pushed away as a red splash followed the tip of the blade as it left
her side.

Aoi was stunned after seeing that, only to return with a shriek scream. 

Aoi reached out, but was easily pushed to the ground after it was over.
It was the first time that Koharu shoved Aoi away.

“Ko. . .haru. . .?”

After doing so, Sara feebly collapsed. Koharu didn’t know how much you
had to stab a person to die, but she no longer felt like pursuing it.

She looked at Aoi whose face was a mess from tears, she was unable to
stand from fear. She smiled to reassure her frightened girlfriend, but
her expression became even more scary.

“I’m so sorry. . .Sayonara.”

Koharu pointed the tip of the knife wet from Sara’s blood towards her
own neck, and – – -.

I just wanted to be loved. . .

With that intense pain and fading consciousness, that was Koharu’s last
wish.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

As usual, I was thrown out of my dream. I was unable to move for a
while.

The images of the flash back were continuously being shot back into my
head, desperately I braced and pushed back the approaching acid reflux.

Finally after great pains, I was able to regain my composure. The
sourness in my throat causes my eyebrows to wrinkle. Perhaps because
it’s a humid midsummer night or the dream, but my whole body is wet from
sweat.

When I moved it felt like I was still covered in the blood of Sara and
Koharu. Just that sensation made me nauseated.

Really, what a dream. The junior I just ate lunch with yesterday stabbed
my favorite person, it’s traumatic regardless if it is a dream.

In Sara’s dream I didn’t clearly see the stab, and I didn’t know about
what Koharu did after that. I think I’d like to have stayed unaware of
it if I could.

If there is anything I learned, it was that such a tragedy might not
have had to happen. If Koharu’s environment growing up was different, if
her sister’s boyfriend didn’t break up, if she didn’t hear those rumors
around Sara in that world. Even smaller stuff like if the tickets she
got were for a different movie, if Koharu listened to what Sara had to
say until the end, if those college girls weren’t there talking about
such crude things. Really if anything was different, that bad ending
surely wouldn’t have happened. It was all caused by her resentment and
envy of Sara, but then she was given an excuse for violence “for Aoi’s
sake”. 

She hated the existence of Sara as it strongly stimulated her
inferiority complex, and it was just a convenient excuse to remove that
eye sore to her. 

Even so, I don’t like the attacker playing the victim card. There is a
limit to it.

It was probably because of her last wish that I felt so much sympathy
for Koharu.

She just wanted to be loved. From the beginning to the end of her short
life, that was the only thing she wanted. And that feeling probably
isn’t limited to that dream. However. . .

“I can’t save her. . .”

My heart belongs to Sara. I have sympathy for Koharu, but it’s not love.
Rather, I’m just the hated love rival who had carried off with Aoi’s
feelings. 

What the heck can I do with this?

Even if I know the game’s scenario, or remember living as a working
member of society in my previous life, none of that is useful. Don’t
misunderstand, I am just a helpless high school girl now.

All I can do is keep Sara away from those two. I will do my best to
protect her, that’s all. I know. There is no doubt that is my number one
priority.

- –   -But still.

Is it naivety or affection? Even if I logically know that I shouldn’t,
I’m sure I can’t completely abandon Koharu. I already clumsily got too
close to my junior. 

While laying in the sweltering heat. I tangled my fingers together, as
if I was praying I placed them on top of my chest. I didn’t look at the
clock at my bedside, but I’m sure that dawn is still far away.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*The author wrote more about the bloodshed scene, but she felt like it
wasn’t the main subject of the story so she tried her best to make it
mild. But now she wonders what “mild”. However it was impossible to be
milder than this.*

*Okay now translator stuff. *

*Well that was dark, caught me off guard with the Koharu killing
herself. Next chapter will be lighter. It’s a side story about Yoko and
the president’s enjoying valentine day.*

*Like if you did *

*Also thank you sleffy once again, so far so good I now see why the
author had to make that fluff chapter before this. *

*Also thank you Jack_slate, I love her work so I will probably continue
to translate her works, happy you are enjoying my translation!*

*Also Also thank you Illu, I’m trying! 🙂 *


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0013_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0015_Chapter.md)

