[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0017_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0019_Chapter.md)



# Characters Synopsis

This contains spoilers for the story so far. No future stuff, but if you
are reading this without reading previous chapters, expect spoilers.

Sugimura Shiori

Yuri Nomiya Girl’s High school 2nd year student.

Height 158cm(5’2ft), Type A blood, Born December 5th.

Art club member

Hobbies: Reading(Mostly Yuri)

Favorite food: Oden

Regaining her memory of her past life as a Yuri Otaku, she realized that
she is a sub heroine of the Yuri Game “Fragmented Rhapsody”

 She used to be a math teacher at a prep school in her previous life.

Although she thought it was a hassle to actively interact with people,
ever since she got involved with Sara her feelings for people close to
her are changing. However, her interest in others is still rather weak.

Although she only approached Sara in order to stop the bad ending on the
“Sara” route from happening, She became charmed by Sara while being by
her side, and is living frustrated by it everyday.

She has high specs in every category, but is also hopelessly clumsy.

Characterized by her gently half up hair and G-cup breast.

Fujioka Sara

Tsubakigaoka first year.

Height 163cm(5’3ft), type O blood, Born July 7th

Member of the go home club.

Hobbies: Mobile games and visiting Cafes.

Favorite food: Fried Chicken, Syogayaki.

A beautiful girl in every way.

She is half Swedish from her mother’s side, and half Japanese from her
father.

She is currently living alone because of her parents’ overseas business
trip.

Since she entered highschool, she has made friends in class thanks to
the efforts of Shiori, Yoko, and Tomoda. Now she is able to enjoy her
school life.

However due to her lack of communication experience, she shows her
natural spontaneous behavior often. The victim of this is mainly Shiori.

She has a strong fear of romance due to her being too popular and all
the hardships that come from it. 

She trusts Shiori a great amount.

Long straight caramel colored hair.

She has a slender figure and a complex regarding her small chest.

Wakashima Koharu

Yuri Nomiya Girl’s High school 1st year.

Height 159cm(5.21ft), Type A Blood, Born March 11th

Art club member (Culinary club in game)

Hobbies: Making sweets and collecting cute hairpins.

Favorite food: Strawberries.

She is the main heroine in the game and Aoi’s childhood friend.

She has a reserved and serious personality, but under holds a venomous
tongue and grown up side. Besides Shiori and Yoko, she feigns
friendliness with everybody. 

Her grades are average with some highs and lows, her athletic skills are
average, she doesn’t have a stand out appearance but does have a cute
face, however she has low self esteem because growing up she was
constantly compared to her old beautiful and talented sisters.

She has been in love with Aoi since she was a child.

At the bad ending in the “Sara” route in the game, she stabs Sara with a
knife.

She believes it’s best to give up on Aoi and keep her distance, but is
struggling to give up those feelings.

With loose fluffy hair shoulder length, and a hairpin in her bangs.

Shimamoto Aoi

Yuri Nomiya Girl’s High school first year.

Height 155cm(5.0ft), Type AB Blood, Born May 3rd.

Art club member.

Hobbies: Movie enjoyer, Hanging out with friends.

Favorite food: Curry and rice.

The main character of the game

She is cheerful, energetic, and innocent. She has a very friendly
personality. Shiori calls her a positivity monster.

Due to her personality and natural charisma, she is a constant favorite
for those around her.

She wants to get along with Shiori, and is open about it. However, she
has been frustrated lately because Shiori doesn’t want to deal with her.

Her hairstyle is short with the tips of her hair naturally loose.

Takatsuki Yoko

Yuri Nomiya Girl’s High school second year.

Height 165cm(5.4ft), Type B Blood, Born September 30th.

Art club member.

Hobbies: Houseplant collecting and Yoga.

Favorite food: Girls(Especially boobs.)

Shiori’s friend. On the day of the highschool entrance ceremony, she
called out to Shiori just to say “I like your face.”

She is actually well known, in fact is an informed person. She is quite
good at dealing with everything.

The secretary at the Student council.

She has a cheerful and caring personality, but also has a subtle side.

She often gives off color jokes.

She is grateful for Shiori, who helped create the opportunity to go
steady with President Hojo.

She is only interested in women.

Her hair is dark brown in the style of a ponytail.

Hojo Chikage

Yuri Nomiya Girl’s High school 3rd year.

Height 161cm(5’3ft), Type A Blood, Born April 22nd.

Go home club; Student Council President. 

Hobbies: Cameras

Favorite food: Sushi(especially Ikura.)

She is a beautiful woman with a dignified aura.

She is the only daughter of a well-known family. In the future it has
been decided she will find a husband and have him succeed with her.

She has a frank personality, but is also stubborn.

That being the case, She was worried about her relationship with Yoko,
however they ended up becoming lovers after being found out by Shiori.

She has a high libido.

She has black hair in the style of a bob cut.

Tomoda Satori

Tsubakigaoka Highschool 2nd Year.

Yoko’s friend from middle school.

When Sara was isolated at school, Yoko reached out to her and asked her
to take care of Sara. Eventually she fell in love with Sara, but got
restless about it before summer vacation. She confessed to Sara, but was
turned down.

She is now thinking of giving up and becoming a good senpai and friend.

She has a friendly and honest personality.

She suspects that Sara likes Shiori in a romantic sense, but is just
watching over without saying anything.

She has a somewhat long shortcut hairstyle.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*And that’s everything so far, at least character wise. We also got some
info about Tomoda. Apparently she believes Sara has a crush on Shiori.
That’s huge news!*

*Like if you did*

*/*

*Also thank you once again Sleffy, yeah. Now knowing Sara might have a
crush on her, Hopefully Sara gets more proactive.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0017_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0019_Chapter.md)

