[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0019_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0021_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 71: One Day

Sara and I promised to go see a movie in two days.

“So that’s why I’m going to be off tomorrow.”

I spoke to Koharu and Yoko about it at lunch break the next day. 

I won’t talk about yesterday in detail, but I have to give some details
about why I’m taking a break.

Up until that point we were just having normal small talk, however it
then changed to a lukewarm mood.

No, stop it, those faces. There is nothing going on. . . Well, maybe.
But there isn’t.

“Yeah, yeah, so you have a date. Have fun.”

“A date. . .”

“Don’t worry about it, don’t need to lie.”

“I do worry.”

Koharu no longer intends to hide her cynical tone, but is it safe to say
she has opened her heart. I don’t feel as bad because that terrible gaze
that she used to have has disappeared, but I feel like people around me
have recently stopped holding back. Sara, Koharu, and Yoko all have no
restraint.

I wonder why. Neither in this life nor my previous should I have been
this type of character.

“If Shiori isn’t coming, then perhaps I’ll take a break. How about you,
Wakashima-chan?”

“Yeah. I’ll also take the day off, it’s nice to take a break once in a
while.”

Hearing that I pat my heart in relief. Aside from Yoko, I was a little
worried about leaving Koharu alone. Originally, I was prepared to invite
Koharu, and have Yoko go with her.

It seems that I don’t have to worry too much because they are getting
along better than expected.

“Good for you Sugimura-Senpai. Schoolwork, love perfection, it feels
like such a rosy colored youth.”

Koharu is said as she threw a sausage into her mouth. I hope normies
would explode is what she is hinting at. I wish you’d say that to the
person who is grinning next to you.

Aside from schoolwork, I’m still in an unrequited love.

“Aa-ahh, I still haven’t fixed Aoi-chan’s misunderstanding.”

Koharu grumbled.

Well, I am responsible for that, so I think I should do something about
it?

Right now Koharu doesn’t seem to be in the mood of listening. 

Geeze, despite the fact that Aoi usually pays attention to those around
her, I wonder why she is like this with Koharu.

Whether it’s the influence of the game or the childhood friend
dependency, it’s a little too biased on Koharu’s side. 

I can’t run away from Aoi forever, so perhaps I should find an
opportunity to talk in the near future.

“I don’t like being misunderstood, so I’ll try to talk to Shimamoto-san
at once.”

“Thank you very much. From my point of view, it seems that whatever we
do has the opposite effect. If this cold attitude continues I feel like
my heart will break even more.”  
“That’s tough.”

A broken heart? I haven’t even confessed yet, and Sara doesn’t seem like
she has a crush, but what if I got a broken heart? Or rather, what’s the
best thing I could do?

Do we continue meeting as friends? Keep a distance? Do I just dwell on
giving up?

All of those seem possible, and all seem painful.

“Geeze, the person I’m complaining to is my love rival. By the way, what
movie are you going to see?”

“I’m guessing because it’s Shiori she’d choose a cheesy romance movie.”

“Ah, I can see it. Sugimura-senpai seems like the type who’d sing love
songs while looking at her crush in karaoke.”

“Yeah~! She’d insert their name into the song and stuff!”

“Why do you both have such a terrible image of me!? It’s an action movie
we are going to see, and I don’t sing like that at karaoke!”

Aside from karaoke, I did think about seeing a romantic movie for a
moment! But it was just a thought! Sara said she likes action movies, so
we chose that. . .It’s good that we did.

While patting my chest in relief, I said the name of the movie we were
going to say. Koharu after hearing that shouted “Eh?”. What’s wrong?

“Senpai, do you know what that movie is about?”

“Um, it’s an action movie about a female spy, right?”

“That’s true, but there is a sex scene between women in that movie.”

“. . . You gotta be kidding?”

I didn’t know that! I didn’t check at all! How did it completely slip
through my yuri information network! This just shows the harmful effects
of me not being able to catch up with recent yuri, no way it would have
gotten past otherwise!

More than that, I’m going to be watching that with Sara.

Geeze, recently hollywood movies are more liberal with throwing in
homosexuality in their movies. Thank you! I love it! But I wanted to
enjoy those kinds of things alone!

“I’ve already bought our seats online, I can’t change it. . .”

“Ahaha, my condolences.”

“Um, well the scene is pretty short. . .”

“Okay, thank you. It was better to know about it before going in.”

If I watched it without knowing I most certainly would have been thrown
into the fires. I still see myself being burned by it, however there is
a big difference if you are able to mentally prepare. Thank you Koharu
for telling me, I just hope that Sara won’t say anything about the scene
tomorrow.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“That was amazing!”

The following day we watched the movie as planned. We went to the
pancake shop after buying the movie’s pamphlet.

Sara was sitting on her seat as she flipped through the movie pamphlet
while sharing her impressions.

Of course we weren’t attacked in the movie theater lobby. Koharu, the
supposed attacker, is relaxing at home.

“The action scenes were so cool, and enthralling!”

“Yeah, I was surprised by some of the scenes.”

Also there was a certain scene I was really surprised about.

I heard from Koharu that the scene would be short, and she was right,
however it was very passionate. Sitting with my favorite person and
watching a beautiful woman licking and entinwing herself with another
beautiful naked girl is bad for the heart! It was beautiful though!

“Speaking of surprise. Oh my god I was shocked that her partner was
another girl.”

“Eh, ah, yeah.”

Ah, here comes the talk.

“I was a little more nervous after being confessed to by Tomoda-senpai.”

“Ah, that’s right. I mean, that scene would normally make your heart
race.”

“Shiori-san also forcibly pushed me down before-.”

“Nn, ahh, that. . .Sorry.”

“Ahahaha, sorry sorry. That was a little mean to say.”

Please forgive me. I know it’s my penance, it’s worse for my heart than
the movie.

Sara happily looked at me as my head hung down. Recently this has been
my usual role.

It’s been 3 weeks since Tomoda-san’s confession. I wonder if this will
help with processing it a little.

“Out of all the people who confessed to me, I liked Tomoda-senpai the
most.”

“. . .Is that so.”

“Yeah. I knew it wasn’t love, but I’d be lonely if she wasn’t by my
side, so I thought about going out with just a little to stop that.”

I raised my face involuntarily to those words. I met Sara’s eyes, with a
strained smile she said “I didn’t go through with it in the end.”

However I know. If she didn’t have me or her classmates like now, Sara
is a girl who would’ve gone through with it and taken her hand. The
result would be that distorted relationship like with Aoi in the game.

What did she think about at that time? Did she think about it after? She
seemed to have declined immediately. Perhaps she was quietly worried
about it when she slept beside me.

“So when I was watching the movie, during that scene I thought about if
I had that relationship with Tomoda-senpai, however I wouldn’t have been
able to kiss her let alone go further. So I wonder if that was the right
decision.”

“It was right. Even if you went out that way, you’d only hurt each other
later on.”

“Yeah, that’s right.”

“And I’d want you to have a happy romance with someone Sara really fell
in love with.”

And if possible, I’d like it if that person was me. I couldn’t look at
her as I had those thoughts.

With the same amount of love I’d want for her to have a happy love, I
also don’t want to see Sara fall in love with someone else. I hope that
that won’t happen anytime soon, and that we could continue to talk like
this.

“If I find someone I like, Shiori-san will be the first to know.”

“. . . I’m honored.”

My chest was stabbed by Sara’s pure goodwill.

Her words filled with trust, her smile, telling me to my face that there
is no piece of romantic feelings towards me.

She may not be aware of my feelings for her. Based on the way she is
acting and seeing it before my eyes.

Ahh, the confession is far away. Not because of Koharu or Aoi, but
because of my own problem.

“By the way, have you thought of a matching accessory that would look
good?”

The unpleasant story can now be replaced. When I changed the flow of the
conversation to accessories, Sara’s eyes shone.

“Um, I think a kamikazari are good, what do you think?”

“It’s okay. What kind do you want?”

“I’ve seen a lot of kinds online, but I’m worried. Ornament Hairpins are
cute, and it’s cute to have some flowers on it!”

With that said, she showed me some screenshots, they are definitely
cute. If it’s an ornamental hairpin you’d look more adult, but if
anything, the flowers would make Sara’s cuteness stand out more.

Even if you say the word flower, the impression it’d give changes
considerably based on size and material.

There is a wide range of flower faces with refined designs, or gorgeous
ones decorated with organdy. Anyways there are many kinds of
accessories.

“Shall we decide in person?”

“Yeah!”

It’s no good staying gloomy. I have to enjoy our time together right
now.

Sometimes I feel the pang suddenly hit me, but it’d be a waste if I
spend this important time with Sara feeling like that.

One day I will tell my true feelings to her, to the girl who adores me
like an older sister. I don’t know what kind of face she’d make. Despair
or delight? I’d prefer the latter, but right now it’d seem to be the
former.

As I thought about it, another thing came to mind.

I became aware of my feelings for Sara about a month ago, and it’s been
painful. What would it feel like harboring it for years? Koharu had an
unrequited love for years, she felt it everyday.

I remember Koharu having back turned, sitting in the corner of the art
room painting a picture silently, pretending not to notice Aoi. Not just
her love.

Her family, friends, her own abilities- –  thinking about how much
suffering she had to endure even though she is a child. Just thinking
about it was a little heart wrenching.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Once again, big oof for Shiori. If only she could catch a break. Sara
needs to hurry up or something. Become more self-aware.*

*Anyways like if you did*

*Also thank you once again sleffy. If she does know Shiori likes her,
she is a sadist. Or she is in denial.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0019_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0021_Chapter.md)

