[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0020_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0022_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 72: Won’t Give up!

Koharu’s current situation is an intense match of whack a mole, new
problems keep popping up after one is dealt with. It feels like a roller
coaster, with lots of ups and downs repeatedly happening. I was being
tossed around in a vehicle that might stop at any time, near faint,
feeling drunk and becoming unsteady on my feet. 

It’s been scarily chaotic and it makes me nervous. Yeah, it’s
nonsensical. 

However in my case, it’s due to the script of the game and the Sara
situation. I feel that of course it is even more troublesome with the
addition of my own personality. If this was a short 32 page manga, or if
it was a thin doujin, we’d already pass the meeting and begin dating.
Although reality is very tough.

How can she not be conscious of it? Even though she’d make those jokes,
I even pushed her down before. What is this?

It was the day after the movie, during club activities that day, I began
painting a picture after getting hit by inspiration out of nowhere.
However it had a somewhat terrible and toxic color. I wanted to express
the freshness of an apple, but this is a poisonous apple. It’s so
obvious that even Snow White would instantly recognize this and throw it
out.

The paintings submitted for the school festival are still life
paintings. It’s common for a bottle or fruit to be lined up.

Before, I didn’t think much about it when I saw still life art, but now
I can’t help but think about the motif and arrangement myself. In the
first place, I can’t stop wondering who is placing empty bottles and
apples side by side. With the exception of the display, I wonder if
there is a place where fruits and bottles are placed like that.

“Uwaaa! I definitely don’t want to eat that apple- -.”

I stopped at once, I heard from my side a voice with no hesitation.

“I think so too. What do I do with this? I wonder if I should take this
flavor to the end.”

“That’s fine, but the title should be like “Witch’s dinning table”?
Maybe put a skull or something else to give it a sense of a kitchen.”

“. . .Hahh, I give up, I’ll redraw it. I’m going to get some juice to
refresh my mind.”

“Oh, get me something. Get me a Coke!”

“Yeah whatever, but I’m going to shake it 30 times before handing it
over.”

I grabbed my handbag, gave that haphazard joke and left the art room. I
was met by the muffled humidity of the uncooled hallway. As I headed for
the vending machine on the first floor in this tedious August heat, I
heard another annoying thing. Chasing me with a cheerful voice,
“Sugimura-Senpai!”

“Senpai, I also want to get some juice, so let’s go together!”

“. . .Sure, help yourself.”

Aoi rushed to me and happily lined up beside me, with a“Yatta!” as she
did. If it was only in this, she’d be just an innocent pretty girl.

It was OK because I had no excuse to say no, but perhaps I could use
this opportunity? If we talk properly, we may be able to resolve this
misunderstanding involving Koharu.

“I wanted to talk to Sugimura-Senpai.”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah. Um, I think it leaked, but I wanted to get along with you.”

Yeah I know. Well if you say it so often who is your favorite person
with this aura, there is no way they wouldn’t know. I still don’t know
why me though.

I mean this is almost a confession. If I answer that we should get
along, my appeal to her will increase a ton, I don’t want to agree. That
being said, it feels disgusting saying I don’t want to get along, and I
don’t want the other club members to hear that I treated her harshly.

What is this, are my escape routes blocked? Was this premeditated? 

“Is that not okay?”

“U, I wouldn’t say it’s not okay. . .”

I want to reject her. I shouldn’t be too involved with her. If I nod my
head here, there will be even more trouble later on.

. . . Isn’t this enough? Why do I need to be so worried about all my
flanks? Rather than leaving it up to interpretation, wouldn’t it be
better for us to clarify it here? Out in the open? It’s annoying but it
doesn’t bother me.

Okay, I can’t miss this opportunity being alone with Aoi.

“What does Shimamoto-san mean by “wanted to get along with”?”

“Eh, what do you mean. . ?”

Aoi was clearly caught off guard, perhaps she didn’t predict this reply.
As I stopped stepping down the stairs, I turned to her as she met me
with a frightened look.

“If you just want the appropriate relationship and distance between a
junior and senior, we could get along. However, if you want it to be
more, that’s not possible.”

Aoi’s complexion changed.

This will be the opportunity to put this Aoi problem to rest. If she
replies with senior and junior, that means it’s a pledge she won’t try
to do more than necessary. If she answers she wants more, I can clearly
get her to give up. No matter what she says, it won’t be bad for me.

I waited for the reply in silence for a few seconds. 

Aoi with eyes of resolution opened her mouth and said.

“I want to be more than that.” 

“. . .Okay. But.”

“I like you Sugimura-senpai. I want to be with you. In that sense I want
to get along with you!”

Aoi doubled down and interrupted my reply. 

Ah, as I’d imagine from this kid, the protagonist. She is
straightforward, frank, and passionate. Those eyes without hesitation
are certainly suitable for the main character.

If I wasn’t in front of those eyes, I may have also been motivated to
support her.

“I’m sorry, but I already have somebody I like.”

“- – -tss, Is it Koharu!?”

“. . . . . Huh?”

Ah, I involuntarily forgot I was smoothing things over and just said
“Huh?”. No, but, this was the real question.

“It’s somebody else. I don’t know why Wakashima-san’s name came up.”

“Because you were having lunch together. . .”

“Along with Yoko.”

“Yoko-Senpai has been eating with you for a long time, but suddenly
Koharu stopped eating with us and is now eating with you. . .”

“On the contrary. Yoko and I invited her because she stopped eating with
you. I only liked Wakashima-san as a junior.”

Sure, Koharu is the one specifically shown more affection, but this was
more or less cutting off any assumption it was any more. She had a
rather complex face, like it was frustrated but also happy.

“Well then, who?”

“At the very least, it’s not you. Need I say more?”

“I want to hear.”

“Well, then I’ll have to add. I don’t like you. Rather I dislike you.”

I had to admit it- – -no, it really hurts to tell somebody that.
Especially seeing as it’s a junior in front of me close to tears, and
lips tightly held.

However, if I give her kindness as if from Buddha, I will definitely
regret the hassle it creates later on. For the sake of future anxiety, I
will need to cut this off here.

“Also, it seems that you thought that Wakashima-san conned you for her
to get on good terms with me, however you are mistaken. Her and I don’t
feel that way for each other.”

“. . .Then why did Koharu leave me?”

“Why don’t you ask her?”

“I did! but she didn’t tell me!”

Is that so?

Koharu left her with that excuse, “If you and I are always together,
she’d misunderstand.” but it seems that Aoi must have noticed Koharu was
just lying and asked. Otherwise she wouldn’t say this.

But Koharu is Koharu, she couldn’t say the real reason. If she was
honest it’d be a confession. This misunderstanding seemed to have
magnificently gotten worse.

“She has tried to suddenly leave before, but she always quickly comes
back. However this time, she didn’t, and was having fun with
Sugimura-senpai! I also want to get along with senpai and eat together
at lunch! It’s unfair!”

Opps, I tried to get away from this.

I put this whole thing into more chaos. To her, It’s unclear if I didn’t
call out, that Koharu would have returned. I’m a reason, but I don’t
think that is the only thing.

“In any case, it’s impossible for Shimamoto and I to “get along” with
each other. I don’t want to raise your hopes. Besides, Wakashima-san and
I are a different story. So talk to her properly. If you want her to
come back, tell her.”

“I want her to come back, for it to go back like we used to be. I can’t
calm down with her suddenly disappearing. . .or rather, I don’t know
what she is thinking. It’s frustrating.”

“Tell this to Wakashima-san, not me.”

Our lunch with the three of us has been fun, but Yoko and I are in
different grades. If possible, Koharu should get along with those in her
grade.

If Aoi asks her to come back, she may not be unhappy. Although she may
have been delighted to let go of her hand, although I’m sure it’s a
complex issue for her.

“. . .I understand. I’ll talk to Koharu.”

Ah, Yes! One mission done!

Koharu! I did my best!

“But I’m not giving up on Senpai!”

. . . . .What?

“I won’t give up so easily after being rejected once! I will do my best
to have you turn my way, so I look forward to working with you!”

“No no no, what are you saying? I did say I didn’t like you, right?”

“Maybe right now, but Senpai isn’t dating anybody yet! I can’t give up
without putting in some effort!”

Ah- that’s right. Aoi is that type of character. As you’d expect from a
positivity monster.

Unlike us heroines, who’d quickly fall into hopelessness, the
protagonist is always full of hope and won’t give up without a fight.
That is Aoi Shimamoto.

By the way, if Aoi is so persistent with me, if Sara had refused at
first in the game, would she also not have given up after being rejected
once?

“I told you already, I’m not going to get along with you.”

“Yeah I know. I’m doing this on my own accord, and I will show you my
appeal to change your mind!”

She declared with a glittering smile, a powerful stalker was born. This
kid is dangerous. I can’t follow this at all. Normally if you were told
they didn’t like you, you’d give up!?

In books, there are enough characters that will persist even after being
rejected. However, if it appears before you, it’s just scary! I’m
already trying to fulfill my own love, just give up gracefully! Please!

Aoi, now satisfied, said “I confessed. That’s a weight off my shoulder.”
and began to lightly walk away.

Despite me showing I was fed up with you, your shoulders aren’t dropped,
far from that there is excitement and boldness in her strive. I’d like
it if you’d get away from me at least a little.

Currently no matter what I say, she won’t hear it. At least I made good
on my promise.

I declared I would not get along already, so I have no choice but to
retreat.

I gave up on going to buy juice with her, and turned heel to return to
the art room. Before Yoko could say what she wanted, I sank into my desk
and muttered something like “I’ll explain it later.”

. . .That positivity monster’s HP is too high.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*It’s all out! Now the ball will start to roll, perhaps this will be the
catalyst for Sara to wake up. Her girl is now actively being pursued.
Also I’m glad Aoi isn’t a diabolical evil person, although conniving,
she seems pretty normal like everybody else. Just prone to
misunderstandings.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you sleffy. Yeah, Sara is thick headed. Hopefully this will
open her up.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0020_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0022_Chapter.md)

