[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0024_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0026_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 76: Sara’s POV (4)

The next morning, I was the first to wake up.

The first thing I noticed was Shiori-san hugging her blanket as she
slept. It was extremely cute, but as I secretly peeked closer at her
sleeping face, I immediately regretted it.

I thought she was always sexy, but was she always this sexy? I quietly
took a closer look to see this different Shiori-san. Luckily it didn’t
seem like there were any signs of her waking up. I couldn’t help but
sigh from this overwhelming sex appeal.

Sleeping faces are usually more childish and defenseless, right? She
does have that defenselessness, but it is also spurring on her sex
appeal. Even though she is showing off that much sexiness, it is
skillfully done that it doesn’t look too vulgar at all.

“. . .It’s harmful for the eyes.”

Even though her big breasts, which is a symbol of her sexiness, are
hidden by the futon, her exuding charm is still going strong.

Her hair stuck to her forehead and neck from night sweats, and her
eyebrows were slightly disgruntled due to the heat. And then- – -her
full ruby lips.

I suddenly realized that I was staring at her and hurriedly averted my
gaze despite no one looking.

Last night those soft lips were in front of me. I couldn’t calm down.
Just thinking that if there was an accident I might have kissed her.

I wonder what those lips feel like. I won’t go as far as to say that I
want to kiss her, but I wonder if she’d forgive me if I poke them with
my finger. I want to sample what those “lips make you want to kiss” that
are often repeated on lipstick commercials feel like. No no, what am I
thinking! That is sexual assault!

“Hahh, I need to wash my face. . .”

After Tomoda-senpai’s confession and Shiori’s sex appeal, my thoughts
are flying all in the wrong direction. If I keep looking I will stumble
further down that path. 

In order to reset my mind, I quietly slipped out of the room and headed
to the bathroom on the first floor.

“Oh, Good Morning. You got up early.”

“Good morning.”

When I got down the stairs, Shiori-san’s mother and father greeted me.

“Is Shiori still asleep?”

“Yeah, she is still fast asleep.”

“Geeze, even though Sara-chan had come all the way here. Sorry about
that.”

After washing my face, I ate breakfast with Shiori-san’s parents. Her
father eventually left for work, and I helped clean up while chatting
with her mother.

“Keep it a secret from Shiori.” with a mischievous smile, as she told me
stories about Shiori as a child. When she saw a theme park castle she
declared. “I want to live there!”. However when she entered the
attraction she began to cry because she was overwhelmed. I wonder if
this is okay to hear?

And one more thing. After reminding me once again it was a secret, she
told me she is still working hard on refreshing her first year studies.
She apparently said “I really want to show Sara-chan my good side.” and
her mother put her index finger to her mouth.

I remembered Shiori-san’s face as she taught me with that nonchalant
look on her face. The corner of my eyes were getting a little hotter.

What is this? How much does she care for me?

That is cheating.

“I’m glad that a girl like Sara-chan became friends with Shiori.”

“No, not at all. . .I’m the one indebted to Shiori-san.”

“Well, it seems like Shiori cherishes you and wants to help, that’s the
main point. It’s thanks to you that she has become much more friendly,
sweet, and soft.”

Although she is saying that, from the first time I met Shiori-san she
was already friendly, was she not soft enough? You mean she wasn’t like
that before?

Speaking of soft, her body definitely matches that. . .no!

“I can’t say this stuff in front of her, so I’m glad she overslept. No
matter what form it takes, keep getting along with Shiori from now on.”

“Okay.”

I immediately replied to Shiori-san’s mother, but I felt that the
implication of the words “no matter what form” and the look of her face,
had a hidden meaning. She was giving a deceiving adult smile.

–  – This lady is completely on a different level from Shiori and I.

I still can’t meet it yet. But whatever it was, I hope that we can be
comfortable around each other.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

For me, Shiori-san was a kind and reliable older sister. Or rather she
still is.

However the Shiori-san I see at her house is a little more relaxed than
usual, she looks more like a pretty girl appropriate for her age. I
don’t think she is putting on a facade in front of me, but this is
probably closer to her real self.

She’s not used to being called cute, and the way she hides her blushing
face everytime she is complimented is really cute. I wanted to see her
like that more, so I annoyed her by calling her cute many times.

Is it because she is not used to being complimented? Or because she is
more conscious of me?

Because she is always kind to me, does that mean that she likes me?

The suspicion that Shiori-san might like me still hasn’t gone away. I
can’t ask her directly about this, and even if I ask, it doesn’t seem
like she will be able to tell me, so I’m putting it on hold.

But I was curious, so when I talked to Tomoda-senpai about it that
night, she told me to take the plunge and ask her.

“Hey, Shiori-san, what do you think about love between two girls?”

Even though it was obvious she was nervous when asked, she responded
with a non-offensive response, “If the feelings are mutual, I think it’s
good, but. . . What does Sara think?” Well, what did I expect? There is
no way Shiori-san’s true feelings can be understood by a question like
that.

There was a hint of disheartened aura when she asked what I thought. I
reflectively responded “I don’t know.” and she simply gave a tiny smile
as her shoulders shook.

I don’t even know much about love between a man and a woman. There is no
way I could understand romance between girls when there are no examples.
But I think I want to understand.

In the first place, I don’t know how romance between girls differs from
friendship, or where that love begins. Is it romantic feelings when you
want to do naughty things? But there are plenty of people who want to do
that even if they aren’t in love.

“. . .For example, if I fell in love with Shiori-san.”

“Eh!?”

“Ah, for example! It’s just for this scenario!?”

“Y-Yeah, for example! For example!”

She was clearly disturbed, I’m not sure if she was simply surprised to
be asked that, or for some other reason. Or rather, I wonder if it’s
okay to ask her this because she might like me. But now isn’t the time
for that thought.

“It’s no longer just friendship, we’d be holding hands and kissing, and
continuing what happened yesterday, right?”

“. . .Yeah. I hope you can forget about yesterday.”

“We can easily connect hands. Kissing and going beyond. . .Ah.”

Suddenly I remembered Shiori-san’s sleeping face. This morning, I felt
the urge to touch her inviting lips, her sweat soaked pale neck, and her
untidy hair. Even if I’m not in love, I want to touch Shiori-san. That
doesn’t mean I want to do anything naughty, just cuddle with her. I
don’t feel comfortable being pushed down like yesterday, but I would
want to see bashful Shiori-san in my arms.

“If I’m with Shiori-san, it might be better for you to be pushed down
rather than you pushing me down.”  

A tiny “Eh” peeped out from her mouth. Oops, Did I unintentionally say
it out loud, does that sound weird? Is she okay?

““I think I’m on top physically, what do you think?”

“W-What do I think, um. . .Y-You have a strange imagination, so let’s
please end this talk. . .what do you think?”

She must have been really embarrassed. Her face was red down to her
neck, Shiori-san is too cute. The wicked part of my heart began to ache.

She is really cute. She has such an adult appearance, full of sex appeal
that you’d believe her if she said she was a veteran of a hundred
romance battles. How can a single sentence from me make her so red and
embarrassed? 

Is this what they called a Gap Moe? If I really push her down, I wonder
what cuter face I’d see. I want to see it.

With that in mind, I asked if that was okay to push her down, naturally 
she said no. It was actually a full power refusal, ending with a pillow
flung at my face. Disappointing.

Although the pillow fight that happened after was fun.

She handed me a pillow before brushing my slightly sweaty wet hair to
the side. Her gesture was so charming that our eyes met for a moment. At
that time, my chest was sweetly tightened.

I was confused by this unfamiliar sensation, Shiori-san simply crawled
on the futon on the floor and turned her back to me. I wonder how she
can be so calm.

I don’t want to sleep. 

I want to talk to her more, I want to know more about her. I want to see
her face more, touch her more. I want to be with her more- – -.

This greed, wanting more and more. This uneasiness. What is this called?

It’s a very special feeling, but I feel like I can’t easily put a name
on it, it is difficult to handle, so I curled up on the bed as if
tightly holding my heart.

I’m going to talk to Tomoda-senpa soon, so I think I can talk about this
with her, but I wonder if I’m heartless, I’m only thinking about
Shiori-san?

Although it’s not that I don’t care about Tomoda-senpai. I couldn’t fall
asleep that night because I was too conscious of Shiori-san behind me.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*There we go. Sara is confirmed to be in love with Shiori! She is
getting so close. I’m also happy she is suspicious about whether or not
Shiori likes her. It makes this much more interesting. These Sara
chapters have been really fun to translate too.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you once again, Sleffy. I’m also super excited about what
Sara will do. *


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0024_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0026_Chapter.md)

