[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0028_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0030_Chapter.md)



# 3 Short Stories

**Mild Delusions (Shiori’s POV)**

“I feel like I’ve gained a little weight recently.”

She said as she pinched her pure white upper arm. 

“Not at all. If anything, you should gain a little more weight.”

“Eh- I feel like I’m kind of squishy now. Look.”

Trying to get me to touch her, she brought her arm close to me. I did as
she asked and gently pinched her thin upper arms, but there wasn’t much
there at all. I’m not sure if this is a good idea or not, actually she
has less flab than I do.

“You have no fat at all. . .”

Oh? I wonder if that saying is true? That the softness of your arm is
the same as the softness of your breast? I wonder if that’s true.

Puhy. I pinched it again, but there wasn’t much there, it’s still soft
and fluffy, like bread dough.

I wonder if it is the same as her bulge. . .I mean her breasts don’t
have much volume, so perhaps? No way, this is just an urban legend.

“Hey, Shiori-san. You’re rubbing them a little too much.”

“Eh? Ah, S-Sorry!”

The next thing I knew. I was rubbing her arm without thinking. Sara was
a little upset. I quickly removed my hand from her, but it was too
late. 

Her pouted mouth was twitching as she rubbed her right arm, the one I
had just molested.

“As I thought, I gained weight. . .”

“N-No you haven’t!”

“I’m starting a diet starting today!”

Sara declared she would start a diet regardless of my words. I really
don’t think it’s necessary. If she thinks she is fat with that slender
body, then the majority of the women of the world are obese.

However, there is no way I could say what I was thinking about when I
was rubbing her arm. Sara’s decision was solidified.

I’m sorry Sara. Just because the adolescent boy in me took over. I led
her astray.

After starting her diet, her upper arm became moderately toned, and when
I searched later on the internet if arm softness is similar to the
girl’s breast, I was told “That’s not true, lol.” and my dreams were
shattered.

<br/>


**The Great Cat Senpai (Shiori’s POV)**

Sara seems to always sleep with a cuddle pillow. It’s the long cat hug
pillow. The one that was out of its seat when I stayed over that one
day.

Due to the mental damage it did, I want to erase that time from my
memory, but the cuddle pillow which is usually in her bedroom, is now
lying on the sofa in the living room.

“Ah, Sorry. I left it out.”

“I don’t mind, but it’s unusual for you to leave it out here.”

“I just washed them in the morning. I took it out to dry before
Shiori-san came over, so it will be all fluffy and warm later.”

Saying that she then hugged it with an angel’s smile, it was too cute.
I’m so jealous of the cat, I’m about to vomit blood.

No, if I was hugged with that face I’d probably faint.

Thank you for your hard work, Cat-senpai.

“How do you even wash those plush-type hug pillows?”

“I wash it by hand in the bath. This morning we did it together in the
bath.”

What was that? Cat-senpai, you are not only in the bed with her, but
also in the bath. . .?

Looking at the adorable cat’s face, I could see it smugly proud of
itself. Damn, I’m kinda jealous. . .

“This pillow has been with me since elementary school, so it’s already
pretty saggy. But I can’t sleep without it, so I brought it with me when
I started living alone.”

“. . .I see.”

“Ah, it’s worn-out, but it feels nice to touch. Look!”

I held Cat-senpai in my arms. I could smell Sara’s faint scent softly
mixed with the smell of fabric softener and sun.

I see. This hug pillow has been comforting Sara’s tears through painful
nights for a long time? If this cat had a heart, I’m sure it would have
been worried a lot. I hope they are at ease now.

I will take good care of her now. I looked at its face again, and I felt
like I saw a marvelous kind good natured old lady expression.

“You have taken good care of her”

I returned the pillow to her, and she of course hugged it tightly, and
with an innocent smile said “yeah!” It will be a long time before she
will say goodbye to this cat.

“Oh, I said earlier that I couldn’t sleep without her, but when you
stayed over I was able to sleep right away.”

“Eh, Really?

“Yeah, I went to sleep right away.”

I didn’t know because I fell asleep first that time.

“Shiori-san, will you be my pillow?”

“. . .No can do!”

I couldn’t maintain my composure after that bombshell. Sara laughed at
me saying “Is that so~?” I thought she was just naturally saying stuff,
but maybe she knew what she was doing.

Me becoming her hug pillow? I don’t think so.

Hey, Sara. You are joking despite having that trusting face. I wonder
what kind of face you will make when you find out that the person you
invited to be your hug pillow isn’t a gentle cuddle pillow, but actually
a wolf that wants to disturb your peaceful sleep.

Until that day hopeful comes- – -Please Take care of Sara at night,
Cat-Senpai.

<br/>

**Because I’m the good guy (Tomoda-Senpai’s POV, after Sara and Tomoda
talked it out)**

“Well then, see you next semester.”

“Yeah, Tomoda-senpai, have a nice summer vacation.”

After quickly giving a small bowing, Sara-chan ran to Shiori-san, who
was waiting for her a little distance away. She turned back and waved
again, I responded with a small wave back.

She softly smiled, and then turned back around to walk away. As I
watched them go, my shoulder was firmly grasp and shook.

“Hey, you turning off? You’re just standing there.”

“Let me just soak it in a bit longer, I just had my heart broken.”

“Okay, you have 40 seconds.”

I was about to be the straight man after getting that short of respite.
However this bad friend of mine has always been like this.

She has never said a good thing, and that goofy face strikes a nerve
within me, but even if that 40 seconds turns to 40 days. She will still
be by my side, even if it is while complaining. . .I’m sure.

“Having Shiori-san come too maybe was a bit of a mistake.”

“Ah, I know right? It also surprised me.”

“Yoko too? I don’t know why those two aren’t together already. They are
such a good match!”

After being dumped on top of that, the amount of damage to my heart
after seeing them together was too much! I came here today with the
expectation of getting dumped, but the damage was larger than planned, I
can’t recover from this!

And they are doing it without even trying? What? Are they always like
this? Are they always giving off that peachy feeling?

It’s a miasma for us unpopular people!

“It is so refreshing to be completely defeated.”

“Well that’s great to hear. Ah, what did you and Shiori talk about?”

“I told her to quickly confess her feelings, and if she is rejected we
could be in the dumped club together.”

“Ahaha, Tomoda is such a nice guy, huh? Shiori told me that you were a
nice person too.”

“Such a nice guy, nicest no matter how you look at it.”

Really, nobody is better than me. 

Even though she showed me that fluffy aura, I still gave a push to that
good for nothing spine.

The most important thing to remember is, it isn’t for Shiori-san, it’s
for Sara-chan’s sake. Even if I got rejected , I still want her to be
happy. I might just be bluffing. But if I’m thought of as being good, it
will make me happy.

“When do you think those two will get together?”

“I think they will soon or later. If Sara-chan becomes aware of her
feelings, and if Shiori-san gets a backbone.”

I mean if that doesn’t happen, I’d feel like an idiot. As things are, I
feel like it might take a while, but I have no intentions of interfering
any more. After all, I was the one that got rejected.

“Shiori-san, if you make Sara-chan cry, I’ll steal her away.”

Yoko laughed, but I was half serious. I won’t give my permission unless
she cherishes her as much as possible and makes her the happiest girl in
the world.

It didn’t work out, but I don’t regret loving her. Even though I was
completely rejected, I still love that girl. If others see me like this,
they might laugh, but I’m sure I’ll hold this feeling deep in my heart
for the rest of my life.

It was a serious love.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*A little break after all the Sara pov chapters. We will be right back
to those next time, but nice to see some flavor chapters.*

*Like if you did*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0028_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0030_Chapter.md)

