[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0031_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0033_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 82: Sara’s POV (10)

Even if you subtract my bias from being in love with her, Shiori-san is
objectively very attractive. She has a well groomed face, top academic
scores, overflowing sex appeal. She is gentle and kind, and so calm it’s
hard to believe she is just a high school student.

The synergy between her cuteness and sexiness is so powerful that it
would attract both men and women of all ages. I beg you, don’t show it
to anybody but me.

As I watched her sleeping on my lap, that was all I could think about.
Time flew by so fast. I began discovering something new the more I
watched her. I could never get tired of watching the sleeping face of
the person I like.

“. . .I like you.”

I made sure she was sound asleep before I confessed in a tiny voice. Not
loud enough to be heard even if she was awake. So obviously there was no
response.

“I like you.”

“Fall in love with me.”

“If you don’t wake up soon, I’ll kiss you.”

I said whatever I wanted, and there were no signs she would respond.
Sleeping peacefully sleeping with calm breathing.

“. . .Kiss, huh.”

If Shiori-san and I were in love and went out with each other, we’d kiss
right?

I have a feeling too. It’s strong. But when I imagined it, I remembered
that attempted kiss incident at the sleepover. My heart was pounding so
hard at that time, I couldn’t think about the most important part.

On the day of my sleepover, I wanted to touch her lips, but I didn’t
think I wanted to kiss her. But as soon as I became aware of my
feelings, I wanted to kiss her, I’m now too aware of my desires. Perhaps
Miharu-chan said I wasn’t a “Communicative person” is right on the
money. Since I became aware that I liked her. . . No since that
sleepover, I’ve found myself so conscious about it, I end up looking at
her lips a lot.

Her lips are slightly opened as she sleeps, they look plump and soft. I
wonder if I could touch them just a little.

 I gently poked her lower lip with my index finger, it was soft and
fluffy like you’d expect. Despite that, it’s flexible, warm. It’s an
addictive feeling.

As I got entranced with the softness touching my fingertips, Shiori-san
raised her eyebrows a little and groaned “Nnn.” And then her shapely
lips softly closed over my fingertips, just like a hamster she put it in
her mouth. I then quickly pulled them away.

“\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~!!!!”

That was so unexpected. What!? What just happened!? Shiori-san,
Shiori-san’s lips. I was screaming internally as I brought my right hand
above my head at the speed of light. She just munched. . .Hamu hamu
them. . .!

I poked a sleeping person’s lips without permission. I wonder why I am
freaking out, I guess my heart wasn’t prepared. Touching them yourself
rather than them touching you, is very different.

At the end of my straightened arm, my index finger still felt that soft
sensation. It was pulsing as if it was directly connected to my heart.

I slowly lowered my arm and looked at my fingertips. I didn’t know what
to do. Without thinking, I touched her lips, but what do I do with this
finger? I can’t touch the sofa with them, because it’d be a waste to
touch something so precious and just throw away that sensation.

“. . .”

There is still no sign of her waking up.

Just for a moment. If it’s only just for a moment. I used the excuse
that nobody was looking, and gazed at my fingertip again. I brought my
shaking fingertips closer to my lips, a millimeter away as I could still
see Shiori-san in my peripheral view. My heart was beating so fast I was
afraid it might wake her up.

Watching her quietly sleep, I muttered in my mind begging her not to
wake up, and then I passed the last millimeters. Just for a moment,
touching my lips.

“. . . .”

Ahhhhh, what the heck am I doing!? I’m not an idiot!? No, I am an
idiot!!

Soon after soaking in the afterglow, I quickly separated my fingertips
from my lips. I couldn’t help but cringe at myself. It’s so
embarrassing. I can’t deny I’m not a communicative person anymore. I
never thought I’d give in to my temptations so easily. My face and body
were terribly hot, as if the heat from my lips was spreading throughout
my body.

Moreover, Shiori-san trusts me too much. So much that she is soundly
sleeping despite me flailing from embarrassment above her. I did that
while she was sleeping. . . If she found out, she might hate me.

“Sorry.”

After giving in to my desires, all I was left with was my guilt,
self-loathing, and still that embers from my hot heart.

I can’t let go of this desire just from enjoying it a little once.
However I won’t attack her as she’s sleeping again. Next time I touch
those lips, it will be fair and square, when Shiori-san is awake.

So I will do my best to have her look in my direction. So that day will
come soon.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

I wonder how it turned out like this. As I was watching Shiori-san’s
sleeping face, I ended up falling asleep. Only to be awoken by movement
on my lap. The person I liked was staring up at me.

Even though I was shocked when I saw her sleeping face, somehow I
managed to say good morning with a smile.

“Good morning, Sara. You slept so nicely. You had such a cute sleeping
face, I was thinking perhaps I’d steal some of it.”

!!!!

Just like I did when she was sleeping, she stretched out and poked my
lips with her finger, giving a charming smile along with it. Moreover,
probably because she just woke up and saying that with it, she is giving
off 3x more sex appeal than usual. 

Because she is doing what I did earlier, I thought maybe she was awake,
but looking at her reactions, I don’t think that’s the case. At first
she acted like a flirty confident Onee-san, but as I stiffened from the
shock and just looked down at her, she gradually became embarrassed and
her face turned red. Her eyes began to nervously swim around, looking
for what to do. Although she set it up on her own, this kind of reaction
is cute, this girl. . .

If you really want to take them, I’ll always welcome it.

“Well, if they were robbed, you’d have to take responsibility.”

I was just wondering when I’d be able to touch her lips again, but the
opportunity came sooner than I expected. I was reluctant to touch her
with my index finger, but I traced her glossy cherry colored lips with
my thumbs. She was tugging at my heartstrings, her face turned bright
red in no time, and she covered it, saying “I lost.”

What the heck is she talking about? Was there a winner?

“You are so weak to counter attacks”

I said that mockingly, she looked at me with a red face and shading
resentment. “Sara has gotten stronger. You used to turn red so fast
earlier.” she said.

Well certainly from the first time we met.

“It’s thanks to your help. However, if you make those jokes, somebody
will misunderstand.”

“It’s okay. I only say that to you.”

See that’s what I mean. I don’t know what reaction you expect when you
are saying something like that.

What do you think about it? Do you like me? Or are you saying that
because you don’t think of me like that at all?

“Yeah yeah. Well despite that. It’s kind of like Yoko-san”

“Ouch. . . That hurts the most”

She looked seriously shooken. Hearing that she was like Yoko seemed to
have done a ton of damage.

She looked really worried. However, the way she is pouting is cute. I
patted her head as I felt sorry for her. Quickly, she was back in a good
mood, as if she was already feeling better, she is so cute and honest.

“Yoko-san told me that you were being pursued by your junior. She said
you were tired, and told me to try and heal you.”

I was a little hesitant to tell her, but when Yoko’s name came up I felt
like it was the right time. Even if I don’t tell her, Yoko might end up
telling her.

When I asked if she was planning on going out with the girl pursuing
her, she immediately replied she wasn’t going to, and added she didn’t
like them romantically. I felt relieved, but I was still a little
worried when I heard that the people all around her in her club were all
supporting Shimamoto-san. I hope she doesn’t get swept away and ends up
dating her to appease them.

It doesn’t seem like she has a good opinion of Shimamoto-san’s feelings
for her, so I don’t have to worry about that right now. For now that’s
enough.

“Shiori-san is popular with both men and women, I’m sure you’ll soon
have a lover.”

“Look who’s talking. I’m not going to date just because I’m popular. .
At Least I’d only want to go out with people I like.”

For a second, the hand I was brushing her head with nearly stopped.

Is the person you like me? Should I ask that, perhaps in a joking sort
of way, but I missed the moment, I was hesitating for just a bit too
long.

Although the fact she didn’t say “I only date good looking guys” means
that the possibility isn’t zero. With the Shimamoto-san’s case, she
didn’t say “Because she’s a girl” as her reason for not going out with
her. That alone made me feel really relieved.

“That’s right. I hope Shiro-san doesn’t find a lover for a while, that
way I can still give you headpats.”

And while you’re at it, you won’t go out with anybody else, right?

I really want to be your girlfriend right now, but I can hold out for
now. Let’s not be hasty and slowly close the distance between us. To be
not just friends, but as potential lovers.

“Fufu, that wouldn’t be so bad. Well, you get tired, you can take my lap
pillow.”

“Eh- Um, that’s embarrassing.”

“. . . You are saying that while I’m like this?”

I love teasing her, just to see Shiori-san’s bashful face. Her scowling
at me with upturned eyes is so cute and adorable. In order to hide these
overflowing feelings, I frantically messed up her hair, she let out a
playful “kya!”

Ah, geeze. She always has this mature look, but then sometimes these
age-appropriate gestures, as I thought, I can’t endure this cuteness,
it’s irresistible. It’s not just giving her a lap pillow, it makes me
want to do anything to make her smile.

“I prefer giving, not receiving.”

“. . .Me too, so can I do it sometimes?”

As I just gave a wry silent smile in response, a hand reached out from
below and pinched my cheek.

I’m kidding. I’m happy with anything Shiori-san does for me. In the past
I was able to put it into words without being conscious, but now I can’t
muster the courage to say it outloud.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*That was a really cute new perspective. I was re-reading the past
chapter to make sure it was accurate. It was nice seeing another
perspective, however it made me realize something pretty bad. How many
grammatical errors I missed. And then I went back to check the first
chapter and it’s just embarrassing. So many errors.*

* So there’s gonna be a delay with the next release for a bit. I’m going
to go through and make sure the grammar is better with all previous
chapters. Up to chapter 50. Then I’ll work on the next chapter. And then
fix the rest up.*

* This will also refresh my memory with the story, but it will take a
few days, but honestly I’m kinda embarrassed seeing how bad some early
stuff is. So if there are any spelling mistakes, let me know, and I’ll
fix it.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you Sleffy, I’m also rooting for her to act, she seems to be
getting cold feet, and Seungwanderlust. We’ll get there eventually.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0031_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0033_Chapter.md)

