[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0037_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0039_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 88: Sara’s POV (16)

I’ve been conscious of Shiori-san’s lips since the beginning of summer
vacation.

I wanted to touch those lustrous things. When I secretly poked them,
they were way more comfy than I thought. I wondered how it would feel
and what kind of face Shiori-san would make. Before I knew it, I could
only come to think about those lips.

And now, even if it was by accident, I kissed her.

It was amazing, even if only for a moment, it felt like pudding.
Although I can’t really compare it to something like pudding or
marshmallow. The sensation on my lips as they touched hers was
completely different from poking them with my fingers.

If I could, I would kiss her again right away, and explore the feeling
more thoroughly.

However, unfortunately that wasn’t possible.

She was dumbfounded in my arms, with shaking arms she gently pushed me
away. Staggering back and leaning with a pale face against the door.
Perhaps she was sorting out what just happened. Her eyes went wide, and
her hand covered her mouth. She stopped moving.

“Um. . .Shiori-san?”

That reaction hurt me quite a bit.

Her shoulders jumped after hearing my call. She slowly raised her head.
I was relieved that our eyes finally met, but in the next moment, her
face distorted, and large tears began to spill from her eyes.

“Eh, w-wait!?”

Did she hate it so much? 

She fell to her knees in front of me, half-guilt, half-sad crying and
flustered.

Both hands covering her face as she sobs, it made me realize that we had
done something irreversible.

“Shiori-san. . .”

I squatted down in front of her to properly apologize. Her moist eyes
met mine.

“. . .I’m sorry, sara.”

After apologizing to me, tears spilled out again.

“I’m sorry. . . Your first kiss. . . I’m sorry.”

Ah, that’s right. She is that kind of person.

This was your first kiss too, but you felt sorry for me, or that I may
be shocked, so that is what comes to your mind first? Yeah, I see.

You idiot. Far from being hurt, I am happy.

“It’s okay, it’s okay, don’t cry.”

“But I screwed up, it’s all because I was messing around. . .”

“No, I was the one that started it.”

She shook her head, and said she was the one to blame, how can I
convince her?

Tears were still spilling from the corner of her eyes, wetting her
cheeks. Although she looked a little better than before. 

I gently wiped them away with my thumb as she muttered “Ku. . .”, she
was as fragile as a newborn puppy, and then her tears started again.

Aahh, she was just starting to calm down!

“Sorry. . .I . . . I’m weird for crying.”

“No, you aren’t weird. However there is no need to cry.”

Shiori-san apologized and I shrugged again.

How do I get her to stop crying? In those shoujo manga I read yesterday,
there was a scene where a girl was crying, then the guy kissed her to
make her stop. But as usual, I can’t imitate that. The most I could do
was wipe away her tears.

After a few minutes of comforting her by wiping her tears and brushing
her head, she finally calmed down. She shyly smiled and said “I’m
alright now.”

“Sara, that was an accident. You can strike it off the records. So it
doesn’t count, alright?”

“. . .Ah.”

“So therefore. . . Don’t worry about it, just forget about it.”

“I refuse to!”

Her shoulder jumped a lot after I shouted that. I surprised even myself,
but it was the truth.

I can’t just forget the kiss from earlier, and I don’t want her to
forget it either.

I hesitated a lot, but now I resolved myself. I made up my mind, and
took her hand and tightly squeezed it.

“I. . .”

My voice became hoarse.

I gulped down my saliva and tried again.

“It’s because I like Shiori-san. . .I’m happy my first kiss was with
you!”

I said it!

I finally said it. I like you properly.

Now that I finished it, my heart was racing so fast that it was about to
burst, and I’m worried about my sweaty hands touching her, but that’s
trivial now. I confessed!

What do you think! With my sense of accomplishment mixed with
desperation, I raised my eyes to look at her expression.

Eh, wait a moment. That wasn’t what I was expecting.

It wasn’t flustered and red like usual, but it wasn’t a disgusted
expression nor an excited one. Shouldn’t there be something more? I
don’t know what to do about this!

“Um~?”

I confessed to you, but could you like, give me a reply? I called out
with that feeling in mind, and Shiori-san, who seemed to have come to
her senses, replied. “Ah yes.”

“Um, sorry. I froze.”

“No, don’t worry about it.”

“I was just a little surprised. . .”

“Ah, yeah.”

That’s right, you’re surprised.

She is still kind of fluffed up, but she doesn’t seem to have had a bad
reaction to it. At Least she didn’t feel disgusted. 

I wanted a good answer if possible. Actually I’d like a “I like you
too”. I have imagined that in my simulations of a mutual love, so come
on!

I clenched my fist while I patiently waited for an answer. Then she
finally called out.

“Um. . .Thank you. I’m a little embarrassed, but I’m happy you like me.”

Her cheeks blushed as she became embarrassed, she fidgeted as it filled
my heart with anticipation and happiness.

I’m so happy! Does this mean it was a successful confession!? Is it
mutual?!

“So then. . .”

“Yeah. As long as Sara is okay with it, let me be your first kiss.”

“. . .Yeah?”

Oh, that is also important, but that isn’t what I was talking about?. .
.Um?

“To put it into words is a little embarrassing. But I feel blessed that
you liked me as a friend that much.”

“Eh, frien-!?”

No, this person. Did I not get it right! What is this “blessed to be a
friend” stuff!? Who would want just their friend to be their first
kiss!?

I have to tell you again. I like you as a friend, but I also like you
romantically. I want to be your lover!

“Well, then I should get going.”

“Ah. . .”

She stood up and I followed.

No, don’t go home. I still haven’t. . .

“See you later, Sara.”

She said that and waved with a smile, and then walked out the door. All
I could do was wave back without saying anything extra.

I stared at the slowly closing door. I stood stunned. I went to look
infront to see if she was there- – -but she wasn’t.

Once it was over, I couldn’t endure it. I fell to the floor as it all
hit me at once, naturally I began to sob.

“Fu. . . Why? I said I liked you. . . I confessed! !”

Did she just not get it? Or was she trying to dodge it?

I put it bluntly, how could she not understand? She avoided giving me a
clear answer. Even now, she left as if she was running away.

In other words, my best effort to express my feelings was not accepted.
Even though I gathered the courage to tell her so clearly, she didn’t
take me seriously and treated it as if it was just friendship.

“Uuuu. . .Waaaaaa. . !”

I shouldn’t have confessed. 

I might have been able to sort out these feelings if I had been rejected
like Shimamoto-san, instead of being left in this half-assed state. It’s
too much to ask, she won’t even give me guidance.

Even so. Even though something like this happened. I couldn’t give up
hope that it still might be possible. 

I might become a nuisance, and it would be easier for me to just give
up. But still- – –

“As I thought, I like you. . .”

No one heard my little confession this time.

Shiori-san said she was afraid of being persistently pursued, but it’s
not easy to let go of these feelings. Her tender smile, her calm way of
speaking, how she is easily moved to tears, all of them I absolutely
like. There is no way I can immediately forget about you.

So please let me keep liking you, just for a while longer. Because I
won’t trouble you. I won’t annoy you.

After I made that decision, my feelings became lighter, but sure enough
my heart still hurt.

I cried a little after that though.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*TN:*

*It wouldn’t be a love story if there wasn’t a big cliche
misunderstanding. This was foreshadowed a lot though. About Shiori never
wanting to accept the reality that is best for her. Just ignoring it.
Trying to compromise. To the point of self-destruction. No wonder Yoko
is annoyed with her. Us, the readers can now join her. Shiori needs to
get a backbone and face it.*

*Don’t worry though. We are in for angst so stay strong everybody. Even
though the ending hasn’t been written yet, we are closing in on the
finale. And I have faith it will be a good one. So keep your chins up,
we will get through the angst. There is still hope though.*

*Also sorry to leave you all on a downer. Next chapter won’t solve this
problem, but I just wanted to get this out of the way. *

*We are going to go back to Shiori pov now.*

*Like if you did, despite the sadness.*

***Also if you need to be cheered up, read this short story, it’s
complete and from** the same author:
[link](https://mulotranslations.wordpress.com/2021/12/04/the-ai-says-that-my-true-love-is-also-a-girl-chapter-1-pleasure-to-meet-you-person-of-my-destiny/)*

*Also thank you sleffy, so sorry to disappoint lol. We will get there
though ;~;. Also thank you seungwanderluss, maybe should change it to,
NOOOOO!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0037_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0039_Chapter.md)

