[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0044_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0046_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 95: Starting The Dash

After cooling her eyes with a wet hand towel, Aoi returned to the art
room. I don’t know what kind of rumors would come if the two of us left
together, so I decided I’ll leave after a while.

Before speaking to her I already decided I didn’t want to make a fuss
either.

I bowed to Aoi as I saw her off. Seeing that over, I stretched my arms
as hard as I could, like my previous life, I felt like I had just
finished my graduation thesis.

I wondered what would happen if I had followed through with my promise
with Aoi, but luckily it didn’t happen. I’ll have to thank Koharu and
Yoko this time.

I’m sure they’re worried about me, so I’ll shoot them both a message on
LAIN. 

The door just closed a bit ago, but then it rattled open, and Yoko
bursted in. She then said “Glad you could make it~”

“Eh, you didn’t go back to the art room?”

Surprising me she cackled and then said “Well that went surprisingly
well” then we sat down in our usual spots.

“That’s what I was planning on doing, but I thought that if only Koharu
and I returned, it’d be suspicious. I was killing time at the bottom of
the stairs. It was stuffy down there.”

“Ah, thank you. There would be problems if rumors started to spread, so
I was waiting too.”

“As I thought. I had a hunch after Shimamoto-chan was the only one that
came out.”

“Oh, you saw Shimamoto-san?”

That makes sense. If she had been waiting at the base of the stairs they
would have met. She had come here because she must have known our talk
was over.

“Shimamoto-chan is talking to Koharu-chi right now. It’s a little
strange that it’s her comforting Shimamoto-chan, right after she was
just rejected by Aoi-chan.”

Is that so? I wonder if I can leave Aoi to Koharu. There is nothing I
could really do for her.

“Childhood friends are interesting, aren’t they?”

“Yeah. . .”

It’s a family-like closeness, but in the end they still aren’t family.
They can also be a person you like. If you get rejected or reject
somebody there’d usually be a little more distance than before, but I
wonder if the unique bond of childhood friends overrides that?

I don’t have any childhood friends in this life nor the previous one, so
I don’t really understand.

“Is everything okay?”

“Thankfully. Just like you guys said, it seems like running from her was
a bad idea. After speaking to her face to face she unexpectedly and
quickly understood me.”

“I see. Well I hope the wounds from her broken heart quickly heal.”

“. . . Yeah.”

While we leisurely talked, I heard footsteps approaching. The expected
face appeared from the sliding door.

“Sorry to keep you waiting.”

“Ah, Koharu. Thank you for everything.”

“No, I’m the one that asked you to talk to Aoi-chan.”

She thanked me with a serious face. I wonder how Koharu feels about all
of this?

I’m the one that rejected the person that just rejected her.

“Koharu are you. . . Okay?”

“Ah yeah, I’m fine. Well I have a bit of mixed feelings about
everything, but I think I’m in a place where I can calm down.”

“That’s good. . .”

She’s already grown up!

Even though she is still in her teens she could say that? Is Koharu also
in her second life?

It’s weird, but I feel like I’m way more flustered on my second round of
life.

“Aoi-chan was rejected, but she also had a refreshing look on her face.”

“Is that so. . ? Ah come to think of it, how much did Shimamoto-san tell
you?”

“How much? What do you mean?”

“Um, well. Like it was love at first sight or something on the lines of
that.”

“Ah that. Yeah I knew already.”

She told her!?

“Or rather than love at first sight, she was unconsciously attracted to
you. Do you remember that Aoi-chan and I were late on the club
recruitment day? Well, we were late because we were looking for
Sugimura-senpai. So thank you for that.”

“Ehh!?!?”

No way. In the game there is no reason given for why they are late to
club recruitment, but I never imagined that’d be the reason.

“Senpai, you look really adult, so we thought you’d be a third year
student. However we went to the 3rd year classrooms, but we couldn’t
find you. So we gave up and decided to visit the art club, and there we
found you. Aoi-chan was so excited, she was calling it fate.”

“I-I didn’t know. . .”

I would have liked it if you told me about it then.

Or rather, if you are going to say thank you for helping your niece, you
should have said it right from the start. I wonder why Aoi was silent
about it. It would have been the perfect ice breaker if she wanted to
talk to me.

“But I guess it was only after she saw Senpai on the train that she
actually fell for you.”

“Yeah, I heard.”

“I’m sure you’re completely oblivious to it, but when you are with
Sara-san your face has an awfully sweet look to it.”

“Agreed! It’s sickly sweet!”

Yoko added to Koharu’s claim.

Stop! It’s just like she said, I was completely oblivious to it! Aoi
also pointed out to me and I was already cringing from that, but now I’m
being kicked when I am down!

“Tomoda also noticed instantly how sweet you two were.”

“Who is Tomodao-san?”

“My friend from Tsubakigaoka. She is also Sara-chan’s Senpai.”

Also the friend that confessed to Sara.

Come to think of it, I was told to form a heartbreak alliance with her
if I got rejected. This summer vacation is so intense. It seems like
it’s surreal that a month hasn’t even passed since then.

“Such an overflow of love.”

“Please stop. . .”

“But Aoi-chan isn’t the only person that was lovestruck by this good for
nothing Senpai.”

“. . .Eh?”

Who is she talking about? This is the first time I’ve heard about it.

As if she read my mind, Yoko chirped out “Who?”

“There was a person who confessed to Senpai on the train before, right?
Well that was my Onee-chan’s ex-boyfriend.”

“Ehh?!?!”

Koharu’s older sister’s ex boyfriend, isn’t he one of the reasons that
triggered Koharu to stab Sara.

Eh, so he was that guy? I didn’t know his face because it didn’t appear
in my dreams.

It should have been a little while before he broke up with Koharu’s
older sister, and then confessed it to Sara. So why would somebody like
that confess to me? Although it would have been a problem if he
confessed to Sara!

“At first it seemed like he was looking towards Sara-chan, but then
turned his gaze towards Senpai, because of the look you had around
Sara-chan.”

“I didn’t know. . . I’m sorry.”

“You don’t need to apologize. But I think it’s probably one more person
on the list that found Senpai attractive when you were with Sara-chan.”

“Y-Yeeah~?”

Is that so? In addition to not knowing myself, I’ve been openly leaking
my affection for Sara on public transport. 

With a forced smile I was having a hard time finding words, when Yoko
then opened her mouth.

“Oh, from what you said before, I thought you were the one that fell in
love with the lovestruck Shiori.”

Yoko put her hand on her heart, as if a heart pounding confession was
about to begin.

No no no, the way she said it earlier did certainly sound like that, but
I don’t think that’d be the case with Koharu at all.

Rather than that, besides Aoi she had gritted teeth, and let out
bloodlust the first time.

“That’s true, I admire her.”

 –   –  Oi! Is that true!?

Koharu laughed after seeing my wide eyed amazement.

“I told you before that I was jealous.”

“Umm, because of my looks, or that you’re jealous of Sara’s friendship.
. .?”

“It’s a little different. Perhaps it was because you guys “Seriously
love each other” I should say.”

“Ahh-, then?”

“It made me feel miserable when I compared it to my own situation. I was
angry and resentful of Senpai, you had everything, I got angry.”

“Is that so-.”

“But that was because I was envious. However what I adored was when you
two happily talked together, that’s what. . . I longed for.”

In a small voice she ended that, but we could hear it.

I never thought I’d hear that from Koharu. Perhaps she was embarrassed
because she looked away with an angry face, but it’s just adorable when
she blushes like that.

“Koharu is a Dere. . .!”

“Please don’t say I’m a Dere!”

Even if you stare at me like that, I’m not scared. It’s like a puppy
barking, it’s just cute! When I just gave a happy look, she barked back
seriously “Don’t look so happy when I’m mad, you M-Senpai.” 

Sorry I got carried away.

“Please listen to the end before making any jokes. Um, what I wanted to
say is. . . I want my Senpai’s love to come true.”

“- – -!”

“It wasn’t just me, Aoi-chan and my older sister’s ex-boyfriend too.
Your feelings for Sara-chan, that happy atmosphere, the shiny smile
shared between you two was mesmerizing. It’s amazing to make the person
you love smile like that. So Um. . . Senpai, you should be more proud of
your love, have more confidence!”

I felt like I was hit on the back of my head.

Subconsciously, I’ve always felt guilty for falling in love with Sara. I
felt like I was betraying her. The guilt I felt gave me so much doubt.

Despite that, even with such a timid and retrogressive love, this girl
says that she admires it?

Koharu’s words permeate gradually into my heart. Slowly dissolving those
negative feelings.

Okay. I can be proud.

“So you can’t be a good-for-nothing senpai.”

“Yeah, you can’t betray your cute junior.”

“I’m the admired Senpai. . . Huh, okay.”

Koharu, only half reading the mood, thought it was funny, and then Yoko
joined it.

As they laughed, that warmth that slowly spread across my heart made me
think. (Okay, now is the time) I’m sure I will be fine.

“Al-right, Well, I’ll be going now.”

I slowly stood up, and the two of them looked up at me with surprised
faces. Immediately realizing my feelings, with a broad smile Yoko said
“Is it time?”

“I can’t wait until the firework show!”

I’m off! As I started running off, I heard those two loudly say. “Take
Care”

Sara, Sara.

I haven’t been brave enough to say it, but please listen.

- –  –   I like you!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*I started translating this novel at the end of last year, and now we
are finally caught up. Woo! And just in time for the ending, although
it’d be a bit until we get there. Shiori is finally getting a backbone
though.*

*I will continue to translate this novel obviously, but we’ll have to
wait just like the Japanese readers. So in the meantime, I uh. Don’t
know what to do. I guess I’ll look for another novel to translate in the
meantime. The most stressful part of translating is back. Finding a
story. Maybe translate a one-shot from this story.*

* Will probably use this author to help find other stories she liked, so
it’ll most likely be Yuri. If you have been a follower of this
blog/website for a while you know the drill. You’ll probably be seeing
some beginning chapters from stories in potential translations pop up as
I see if I like them. If you are a reader of this story and are curious,
follow the blog, you’ll get notified. *

*Like if you did*

*Thank you to everybody who has donated throughout the story, it’s
completely optional. I translate because I enjoy it, I’d do it even if I
got nothing, but the support does help! So thank you.*

*Also big thank you sleffy for the continued support, I’ve always
appreciated it throughout this story. So once again, thank you. Also I
agree, it’s the best resolution for all the characters, just talking it
out.*

*Also thank you seungwanderlust for the continued support. Yup it’s
finally time!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0044_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0046_Chapter.md)

