[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0046_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0048_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 97: Epilogue

I woke up standing in a pure white void.

Naturally I immediately understood that it was another one of those
dreams, but it was different now. The dreams in the past were always in
a dark black room with a monitor which I saw the dreams from, this time
there was nothing. I couldn’t even see the end of the room let alone a
monitor.

I tilted my head in confusion. I was now being placed in this bizarre
place, when suddenly I heard “Hello Sugimura Shiori-san”. I jumped up a
bit in surprise. Before I knew it, there was a woman standing before me.

“You’re. . .”

“Ah, do you perhaps remember me? I was the one in charge of script
writing for Fragmented Rhapsody.”

There is no doubt about it. This woman was the person whom I had given a
gift to at the sales event.

Or rather, she’s so lively now! When I met her in my past life, she gave
a little bit of a reserved ladylike impression, however now she gives
off this light mood. Is this her real character?

There are various things I’d like to say, but right now her personality
is not one of them. I have a lot more important things to ask.

“Why are you here?”

“I am not the author herself, but rather the author’s regret
manifested.”

“Regret. . .?”

The word “Regret” caught my interest. “Fragmented Rhapsody” is a pretty
good doujin game. The sales were good, the illustrations were beautiful,
and it was a refreshing story that captured the hearts of Yuri Otaku
everywhere.

Is she regretful because of how successful it was?

“My regret is that I wasn’t able to put the whole script into the game.
I couldn’t save those two girls. . .”

“The whole story. . . wait, you don’t mean?!”

“Yes, I couldn’t finish the story. I wasn’t able to put in the salvation
route for the two heroines. – – -and the main character being (Shiori
Sugimura).”

I was barely able to keep my balance. I was shaken to the core.

No way, I thought I was able to leave the script by my own will, but was
that all done still within the scope of the script?

“Originally after clearing all the stories with Aoi Shimamoto. There
would have been two routes of rescuing, in which the main character was
changed to Shiori Sugmiura.”

“Rescue. . ?”

“Yes, it’d be a story about the two heroines, Koharu who had an
inferiority complex, and Sara, who was envied because of her looks. Each
would have been saved by Shiori.”

In other words, there’d be a Sara x Shiori route and a Koharu x Shiori
route. I can’t imagine how the original “Shiori Sugimura” would save
them, but if the author herself says she would have, it must have been
possible.

“Then why didn’t it show up in the game?”

“It was rejected because the original script was already getting too
big, and because Aoi was already decided on being the main character. So
there was no need to have the script rewritten from the ground up just
for Shiori to become the main character. So the circle I was a part of
rejected it.”

“Huh, I see.”

“Well, I also agreed to it. However, I always felt sorry for the girls
that I couldn’t properly save in the game. I still have lingering
regrets.”

She gave a clear disheartened smile, she kinda looked like a ghost. 

“That’s why I’m so thankful that you saved them. Thank you so much.”

I didn’t know how to respond after Regret-san gave a right angle head
down bow.

Because after all, I was just unknowingly following along a prewritten
story. Just like how Wukong couldn’t escape the palm of buddha, I
couldn’t escape the script.

In other words, it was the scriptwriter that saved Sara and Koharu.

When I told her she didn’t need to thank me, the woman looked
dumbfounded.

“There is no route in the script where both girls are saved.”

“. . .Eh?”

“In each route only one girl is saved. If I may also add, Shiori in the
Sara route is not at all in love with her. It’s a friendship ending.”

“. . . .Eh!?”

Since it’s a Yuri game I definitely thought it would be about them
falling in love, but it just turned out to be a friendship ending!? Also
there was no route that saved them both? Does that mean in Koharu’s
route Sara isn’t saved, and vice versa?

Now that we’ve become so close both sound awful.

“In other words, by the time you fell in love with Sara you already
departed from the original script. The only thing that was the same was
the setting.”

“Huh, I see. . .”’

I was so afraid of some invisible force caused by the original script.
Despite that fear, I was already doing my own things. I wish I would
have known sooner.

Then it’s okay to believe this love of mine is my own. And the feelings
Sara responded with are not dictated by any script, it all came from the
heart. I don’t doubt her feelings, but having the author verify it made
me feel relieved.

“I’m really happy both of them were saved. As an author, the characters
I write are like my children. I want them all to be happy. Of course
that also includes you.”

“I’m happy because you created the most wonderful girl in the world, and
she is with me.”

We both smiled and exchanged a handshake.

For some reason though, I felt like I would never see her again.

From now on, more than ever before, I will be living outside of
anybody’s script.

“Sayonara”

“Take care.”

Little by little my field of view became dyed in white. 

In my fading consciousness, I swore I could see her waving with a smile
on her face.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Floating atop of waves. It felt like I was being pushed out onto shallow
waters. I awoke to a room that I wasn’t used to seeing.

As I moved my still blurry vision, I caught sight of a bright lustrous
hair. And the owner of that hair was using me as a hug pillow.

Unfortunately I could not see her sleeping face, because she had her
face buried between my breasts. I thought it’d be uncomfortable there,
but the breathing I hear is regular and healthy, so she is probably
fine.

“You’re cute even when you are asleep.”

I gently kissed the top of her head and stroked her smooth hair,
remembering the dream as I did.

Perhaps the fact that she chose to see me on a day I slept over at
Sara’s was also her caring for me.

If I had woken up alone after having a dream like that I’d be dying to
see Sara.

“Uuu~. . .”

As I continued to caress her straight and easy to reach hair, I heard a
small groan into my chest. After pushing her forehead against my chest
and then tightly hugging her hug-pillow(me), she finally raised her
sleepy face. It was like a small child, I couldn’t help but laugh at
these series of gestures. Then she buried her face between my breasts,
hiding as if she was pouting.

That part of her is also cute, but if I say that I wouldn’t be able to
get out of bed.

“Good morning, did you sleep well?”

“Morning. I had a strange dream.”

“A strange dream?”

I couldn’t help but remember my own dream.

She lifted her face with a soft smile and said “Yeah in my dream I was a
witch. I was at an amusement park at night fighting this woman with
magic.”

“Maybe it’s because of the games I’ve been playing lately. I slept well
but for some reason I’m still tired.”

“Hah. Well, try your best.”

“Fuu, well Shiori-san’s boobs will blow away my fatigue. But it was fun
to go bang bang with magic. It’d be cool if I could do that in real
life.”

“That so- – -, Hey if you were to be reincarnated in a game world, what
kind of game would you choose?”

After she told me her dream I asked her that question. After thinking
about it, she happily looked up at me with a smile and said.

“It’d be Animal crossing! I’d like to have something of a relaxing life.
Or uh Pokemon would be cool, I like Pikachu.”

“That’s nice, it sounds like it’d be fun.”

“Yeah. But Wherever I’d reincarnated, it’d be nice if Shiori-san was
with me. It’ll all be fun as long as I’m with you!”

“- – -!!”

After she gave a 100% perfect answer, I instinctively hugged her. A
distressed shriek rose from her chest as I did.

That’s right, as long as the two of us are together there is no doubt
we’d be happy wherever it may be.

Of course even in a Yuri game world!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Afterword

It took two years and three months to deliver “I was reincarnated as a
side heroine in a yuri game, and with all my power I will protect my
favorite character.” but I managed to safely reach the finale.

At first I had a lot of free time due to the COVID 19 crisis, and I
started writing because I had an impromptu thought of “Want to try and
write an isekai story?! Isekai is really popular right now.” but I was
surprised and am grateful that so many people ended up reading it.

Fortunately I was once approached about an opportunity to turn this
story into a manga, however in the end I wanted to write at my own pace,
so I gratefully declined the offer. I thought it was a waste and I am
sorry for it, but I was able to complete this story in a way I was
satisfied with, so I think it was a good outcome.

Thank you very much for reading until the end. After finishing reading
this story, I’d be happy if you left thinking even a little it was
“Interesting” or “I’m glad I read it”.  

This is the end of the main story, but in the future I plan to write
about their subsequent stories.

There are still many things I want to write, such as the side stories I
could not add into the main story, and the sweet exchanges between two
girls who fell in love, plus the occasional serious story.

If you don’t mind, please keep in touch.

Also I don’t think I’ll write about these in future stories, so I’ll
tell you a bit of extra trivia about this story.

(About Yoko)

At the start Yoko was presented as a “Character who didn’t appear in the
original script, but was a character in a scene”. 

Originally her relationship with the student council president was
discovered by those around her and it caused a huge uproar. It was
suppose to be the reason why the main character “Aoi” felt hesitant
about her same-sex love, but that story was dropped from the script and
the name Yoko never appeared. Shiori not only saved Koharu and Sara, but
also Yoko!

(Shiori-san’s Name)

Shiori(詩織)’s name in her previous life was intended to be written as
“栞”(Still pronounced Shiori) 

*(TN: I believe I need to give some context.* *詩 Shi= Poem 織
ori=Weave.  栞Shiori = bookmark, Not a native speaker so there might
also be some hidden meanings lost on me.) *

It intended to imply “Shiori(栞)-san” (A yuri Otaku who obsessively
reads stories) who read the script, and “Shiori(詩織)-san” (A person who
weaves stories) who writes her own script. However I never had a chance
to use it. Although it’s a completely self-serving setup (laugh)

(The title “Fragmented Rhapsody”)

I was going to originally have the scriptwriter explain this at the end,
but I didn’t want to write it down because it seemed like a superfluous
addition.

It’s a deprecating title used by the scriptwriter after she cut the
salvation plot from her story. An “Unfinished Love story”- – -\>
“Fragmented Rhapsody” Love story and rhapsody are similar enough in
meaning.

(In the Salvation Storyline: Shiori x Sara)

In the scriptwriter’s setting, Sara is not gay. So the ending is a
friendship ending with Shiori.

Shori-san managed to turn Sara’s gaze even though she shouldn’t be gay,
so good job!

By the way, the Shiori x Koharu route has a love ending. Those two have
great chemistry.

There are many other stories that I wanted to use in the main story, but
I think it would be great if I could use them in an extra edition.

Well then, for those who read, commented, and gave your ratings, truly
thank you all. Let’s meet again sometime!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Translator Note Now: * *That was an amazing author note. And what a
great ending.*

*The story is finally complete, if you happen to have a syosetu account
I’d recommend you go to this story and 5 star rate it plus bookmark it.*
[*Link*](https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0307gl/)*. It’s odd that the
community here is perhaps almost the same size as the one there (At
least it seems in engagement). The author doesn’t know I exist, and a
sizable part of me is afraid that they would find out, because uh, the
idea of copyright is weird in japan, it is all posted on syosetu for
free, but still I would hate to be told to take this story down.
Regardless, give the story the love that it deserves. It is amazing how
much was foreshadowed, even from the title itself!*

*It was quite the fun journey, I randomly found this author while going
through possible stories to do. I liked the short story they wrote and
decided to give this one a shot. I don’t read ahead, so it’s always a
gamble when choosing new stories. I’m so happy I did. This was my
favorite story to translate. I have no idea how I’d find a story to
follow this up. Honestly I’m lost with possible stories, so I’ll take
recommendations. No promises on if I’ll do them, only hard prerequisite
is it being first-person. If not back to the search bar. *

*I translate as a hobby to practice Japanese and writing, plus also just
for fun. The donation link is mainly to give uh relatives and friends an
excuse for me spending so much time on this. I do appreciate everything
I get though, really I do, it’s just not the reason I do this. I’d do it
for nothing. So I will be picky about the stories I pick, no hard
feelings if you recommend something and I don’t take it or if it’s
different from the stuff I’ve done before.*

*Thank you all for reading!*

*Also we now have 250 followers on this blog. That is insane! ! Thank
you.*

*Also don’t worry, I will be watching this author like a hawk for any
new stories or extra side chapters.*

*Like if you did*

*Edit: New Volume is up and going. Click next to see it.*

*/🙂*

*Also thank you sleffy once again I hope the epilogue stood up! And
InaneAntics. I agree this was great closure to the story, the epilogue
ties up all of the universal loose ends too. I’m glad you enjoyed it,
and also yeah, the author is amazing. Plus 13 aroness. I appreciate it
all.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0046_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0048_Chapter.md)

