[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0048_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0050_Chapter.md)



# Extra 2: A Kiss of Happiness (Sara’s POV) (2)

I wonder who it was that came up with the phrase “Romantic Love has
ulterior motives, while platonic love is sincere.” I think it’s rather
clever.

Perhaps my love (romantic) is not that simple. Maybe 60%? 60-80%? Is the
percentage of me wanting Shiori-san to be by my side and with sincerity
a desire to take care of her, and the other percentage is those ulterior
motives of wanting to touch her. Both feelings are always in conflict
with each other, and it makes my heart always feel restless.

That’s why I’m not convinced. Why is it that despite me being super
riled up. She seems so calm right now!?

“Okay, hold this with both hands, okay, and pull it tight.”

“Um like this?”

“Yup.”

Shiori-san is currently helping me put on a yukata. However in doing so,
she is constantly touching me, and even though it’s through cloth, my
heart is racing. From behind she is hugging me tightly as she directs my
arms. Occasionally her finger would touch the back of my neck. This is a
bit too much stimulation for me. Although what is more worrying is I
can’t hear her heart racing.

I mean come on! You should be a little more conscious! I’ll lose my
self-confidence if you treat me with such indifference!  Geez!

“Alright, it’s done.”

I came to my senses after being tapped on the shoulder.

“Look look. You’re so cute!”

Taking my hand, she led me to a full length mirror. There I saw myself
wearing a yukata for the first time in my life. I must admit it, I
definitely look cute. The white base background on the yukata and the
blue “fringed pink” flowers gave off an elegant and fresh look. It also
had this retro-cute look. It’s exciting imagining that I’d be wearing
this for my first date.

“Is it too tight?”

“No, not at all. Thank you Shiori-san. It looks amazing!”

“Fufu, you’re welcome.”

She is usually a klutz, so it’s a bit of a mystery as to why she is so
good at dressing. She says it’s because she has practiced it many times.
Come to think of it, she is able to do a half-up hairstyle by herself,
plus she is also good at handling kitchen knives, so those also must be
a result of practice.

Oh yeah, we’re supposed to do our hair today. I planned to put my hair
up and wear the matching hair accessory Shiori-san and I bought.

“Well then, I’ll quickly get changed.”

After dressing me up, with a satisfied smile she took her yukata out
from the paper bag. 

It had a white base with a purplish chinese bellflower pattern on it.
The color is a bit similar to the one I’m wearing. However, perhaps the
graduation of pink to purple, and the slightly smaller flowers makes it
look more mature than cute.

I saw her wearing it in a photo from last year, but I’m sure she’d look
even more stunning in person. I want to see it!

I excitedly awaited for her to change.

“. . . Um, Sara.”

“Yeah?”

After unbuttoning her shirt halfway she suddenly stopped and called out
to me.

“Um, it’s pretty hard for me to change while you are watching me. . .”

“. . . .ah, S-Sorry!”

I turned around and rushed into my bedroom.

Waah! Uwaaa! I’m such an idiot!!!

It’s not just because of those guilty feelings, but I can’t believe I
was just openly gawking at her as she changed!

I’m so embarrassed, I feel like writhing on top of my bed, but I can’t.
It’d probably make my yukata come apart. All I could do was stomp a
little in place.

Uuuu~. Wait! Now that I think about it, Shiori-san was playing a little,
no, a lot dirty. The way she unbuttoned her shirt halfway in front of
me, pulled up herself before me, shyly revealing her skin, it’d
obviously arouse my ulterior motives.

Still she hid it! I couldn’t see anything!

“Haah. . . Wait! Does that mean she is conscious of it?”

Because we’re both girls it shouldn’t be too strange to change clothes
in front of each other.

Come to think of it, when I was changing into my yukata undergarment,
she’d diligently look behind me, and always look embarrassed. It was
similar to just now. . . Then perhaps that must mean she sees me in a
sexual light.

“Hehe. Yes!”

This love is slowly and carefully growing, but at the same time if she
also wants the same thing during this growing period that’d be great.

The impatience I felt just awhile ago slightly cleared up, so I decided
to do my hair as I wait. I moved before the bedroom mirror and got to
work.

Sure enough I couldn’t do any fancy hairstyles myself, so I looked up
some simple ones. A twist and twist here, a kururinpa style, and then
gather the hair into a bun and with a pin to complete it! Hmm, perhaps I
have become a little more mature? I wonder if I can get Shiori-san to
fall for me again?

As I was fine tuning my hair, I heard from the other side of the door
“It’s done-.”

I hurriedly replied “O-k”. I left the bedroom excited to show off my
neatly done hair, but what I saw left me speechless.

“Ara, you did your hair? It looks beautiful.”

“T-thank you. Ehehe.”

“No. You’re beautiful!” Is what I retorted in my heart.

There was no world where she wouldn’t look good in a yukata! But this
was more than I could have ever imagined. The yukata buff has doubled
her already overflowing sex appeal, and now it’s a deluge of sexiness.

If she lifts her hair up, her nape will be showing. If that happens it
will be a waterfall of allure.

It must be stopped, it’d cause the dam to break.

I’d be too worried about her that I won’t be able to enjoy the
fireworks.

Okay it’s decided, Shiori-san’s hair must be braided down. That way her
nape will be hidden! Nobody else can see it!

“You seem excited, what’s up?”

“Yeah, I am. Don’t worry, I’m going to make you the cutest girl in the
world!”

“Eh- That can’t happen. Sara is the cutest girl in the world. But okay,
I’ll be in your care.”

I sat the giggling Shiori-san down and removed her hair clip. Her hair,
which was in a half-up style, softly fell down. It was just as I
thought. . . I’m easily tingling throughout my body with ulterior
motives, I’d do anything for her, but now isn’t that time.

Before, when I touched her hair at the mall, it wasn’t a big deal to me.
Only thing I wondered then was if it was okay to do it.

But now looking at her behind, at her defenselessness, I just want to
embrace her.

While combing her fluffy hair, I could no longer endure it and kissed
the top of her head. A small ”eep” came out, and her ears and neck
instantly dyed red.

“Ah~ Geez Shiori-san, you need to stand still!”

“That is my line!”

“Incorrect. That’s also my line. Okay, stay still.”

“I’m not so sure about this anymore. . .”

Not only when it’s on her lips, but she also gets this embarrassed when
it’s just the top of her head? She’s so cute. I wonder if I should
cancel our firework date and just enjoy her at home.

Somehow I managed to suppress my wicked feelings and desires. Although I
wondered what would happen if I kissed her ear or even her nape this
time.

I tied up her soft black hair and attached the flower accessory we
bought together. Somehow it ended up as a Rapunzel-like hairstyle.

It looks great because it also matches the yukata. However even if I hid
her nape, I couldn’t hide her overflowing aura of sex appeal. There was
nothing I could do about that.

“Thank you. Does it look good?”

“Yes, it looks perfect on you. You are the cutest in the world!”

So cute that I’m at a loss of words on how to convey these anxieties. 

I love her so much. It’s to the point that I want to keep her mind,
body, time, all of it just for myself. My love is so heavy that I don’t
want anybody to see her cute figure. Before I thought I was only jealous
because it was an unrequited love, however since we started dating that
feeling is even more agitated. It feels like one day I won’t be able to
control it.

“You are actually the cutest in the whole universe. You’re so cute it
makes my heart race.”

“Really? Your heart is racing? Will it make you fall for me again?”

“I already have.”

“Woo!”

I hugged her tightly after she so innocently complimented me. She then
returned the tight hug. I felt so happy.

Saying I made her heart race, that I made her fall for me again, being
so obediently honest, she is amazing. It’d be hard for me to tell her my
feelings because I’m scared about leaking my ulterior motives and heavy
feelings. However I can have peace of mind telling her how much I love
her.

“I love you, Shiori-san. I want you to love me even more, I want to make
your heart race more.”

“Fufufu, my heart has been racing enough. You always make it jump
everytime you kiss me, even just now I. . .Um, well. . .”

“Just now?”

She hesitated for a moment after I asked her. She groaned, perhaps
looking for an excuse, but then she gave up. She confessed in a mutter,
saying. “When I helped you change into your yukata. My heart was really
pounding then.”

“What the, you’re so cute.”

“I’m not cute.”

Even though she looks like a goddess, she’s as pure and cute as an
angel. My cute older lover.

She’s so cute, so loveable, how long do you plan on doing as you like?

She looked so calm before, but she was actually feeling the same as me?
Would it be okay to imagine that I’m not the only one with ulterior
motives?

“My heart was racing too. I couldn’t help it when you were changing me,
and now that you are wearing a yukata it’s racing even more. So that’s
why. . .”

I moved her yukata collar to the side a little. Near her collarbone I
touched my lips on her white skin, after the kiss I then sucked on the
skin. As I drew her in close she jumped up, giving a “Nnn. . .” in an
alluring voice.

Ahh, geez this person. I hope I don’t get too stimulated, I’m already
holding back a lot.

“I’m marking my spot.”

Satisfied with the redness, I traced a finger over it. Shiori-san was
red to the point steam was coming out of her. She had her hands holding
her cheeks.

“Ahaha, we can’t leave with you being so bright red.”

“And whose fault is that? . . . And you’re one to talk, your face is
also bright red.”

“And whose fault is that? Shiori-san is just too cute.”

“Geez, Saying that again already. At this rate we will never be able to
leave.”

I don’t even care if we ever leave. I gave her the final blow with a
kiss on the lips, she of course got angry.

We ended up leaving much later than originally planned. We had to rush
out in a panic, but that just added to the memory of our first date.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

AN:

Happy new year.

Thank you all very much for reading my story last year, and for your
comments and bookmarks.

I will do my best to write more yuri again this year, so please continue
your support.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*TN:*

*And I’ll translate those. Anyways, that was very cute. I’m really
enjoying these cute couples chapters. Looking forward to more and any
other yuri works she produces. *

*Anyways happy new years!*

*I have been looking for new stories off and on. I’ve honestly just been
distracted playing games in my free time instead. I’ve been through at
least 14 stories (as in going through some chapters) and read summaries
on a lot of others, so far I have not found any that I really want to
commit time to. I feel like I may eventually just have to translate a
few one shots or short stories to get a feel for the author’s writing
style. That’s how I found this author.*

*Like if you did*

*Also, thank you Suengwanderlust, same, I’m also looking forward to the
fluff.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0048_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0050_Chapter.md)

