[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0049_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0051_Chapter.md)



# Extra 3: Whispers (Sara’s POV)

It’s the first morning of the new semester. The end of summer vacation
is normally a depressing time for most, but not for me.

Having to wake up earlier, needing to be in the intense heat, being
forced to put on those not so cute gray uniforms, and then you are
required to attend classes from the morning to the evening. All of that
is annoying, but it’s still trivial.

I had to focus, else my face would relax if I let my guard down. I
boarded the train, which had just arrived.

“Good morning, Sara.”

Right by the usual train door on our usual train ride, my girlfriend
greeted me with a dazzling smile.

If it was summer vacation I could have gotten up whenever, but I
wouldn’t have seen this face.

It’s nice to spend time alone at home, but nothing beats being able to
see her first in the morning.

“Good morning Shiori-san. So, the new semester begins.”

“Seems like it. It’s kinda sad that I can’t take it easy in the morning
anymore, but now I can go to school with you, so the new semester isn’t
so bad.”

I was so happy she was thinking the same thing. I already couldn’t keep
the facade, and my face began to slacken. Tell me how happy you are! 

I linked our arms and got close to her, I was happy to hear a teasing
“Geeze, what is it?”

I was so happy with this response, that I stuck to her even closer, this
time she began to get a bit too flustered.

“H-Hey, aren’t you a little too close?”

With a worried expression she whispered to me. Which led to my loose
expression becoming even more relaxed.

“Don’t worry. Nobody will think it’s weird for two girls to be this
close.”

“Y-You sure?”

“Yeah, yeah. Rather I wonder if your face would be more of a problem.”

This time I put my mouth close to her ear and whispered. “You look like
you’re in love with me. It’s adorable, but I don’t want you to show that
face to anyone but me.”, and pushed more into her. 

Suddenly our face parted, and as you’d expect she pushed on my shoulder
to separate us.

I overdid it. Although what I said was all true.

I brought our separated faces closer once more, and with a murmured
voice said.

“I’m enduring the desire to kiss you, so please forgive me for this
much.”

“Kis. . . .”

Her face turned red and stiffened, but this is also me being honest.
Ever since we started dating we’d kiss each other every time we were
together, but it’s too painful not to be able to do anything lover like
outside. I’m happy with our time together on the school commutes, but I
really wish I could bring Shiori-san along with me to school.

She is academically good enough for my school, so it would be fine for
her to transfer. However, when I asked her about it before, she said she
didn’t want to because it would be too much of a headache.

“Haven’t you changed a lot after we started dating?”

“I changed? I’d rather say it’s finally come to the surface. Hey wasn’t
it you that used to tease me as much as you liked? Didn’t you say I was
inviting you?”

“Because, I . . .”

“Well?”

She averted her gaze as I eagerly waited for her next words. She was
fidgeting so I’m sure it’s probably much more embarrassing than she
wanted to admit.

I patiently waited, since I knew most of the words she would say would
make me happy. However by no means does that mean I don’t enjoy looking
at this cute fidgeting Shiori-san.

“. . . Give me a second.”

In resignation she took her smartphone from her bag and began to type
something. Her eyebrows were furrowed in a difficult expression, but I
think that face was also lovely on her. Finally she looked at me and
said “This is what I mean.” and turned her smartphone screen towards me.

(At that time I wasn’t conscious of it, so I was okay with the teasing,
but the more I fell in love with you, the more impossible it was to keep
my composure! After we started dating, I fell in love even more!)

My cute lover told me such an adorable thing, I couldn’t stay calm any
more. My face melted as I just gave up. How do I calm down before school
now?

“Understand?”

“Understood.”

I understood how cute you are.

“Hey, can you send that to me?”

“W-what? No!”

“Then can I take a picture of it? Actually, I’ll do it myself.”

“H-hey wait!”

I took a picture of her phone with my own without her permission, I knew
she would never approve. Right at the perfect time the train slowed to a
halt, and Shiori-san’s stop came. She turned her gaze from my phone to
the door as it opened. In frustration she left, leaving while saying
“Hey, make sure you delete that!”. I insincerely responded with a “yeah
yeah” and waved her goodbye.

No way I’m going to delete this. On the contrary I’m going to instantly
save it to the cloud.

Unable to suppress my smile any longer I turned my gaze to the outside
to hide my face, but I let out “Ah” when I realized what I looked like.

From the reflection of the window, I could clearly see that my own face
had “I love Shiori-san” written on it.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“Good morning, Sara-chi!”

As I entered the classroom, Miharu-chan waved from the seat near the
door.

I said good morning and went over to my desk to see prepared notebooks
for summarizing my studies during the summer vacation.

There are plenty of blank spaces, and the important spaces are
highlighted or surrounded by red lines.

“Ah, more studying.”

“I know! Seriously, is it impossible not to have a proficiency test on
the first day of school!”

“Ahaha, this really is a high ranking school.”

As you’d expect of Tsubakigaoka, there are always exams after long
breaks. On the day after the entrance ceremony, on orientation, exams on
the first day of the second semester, and on the first day of the third.
Not only during long holidays but also after consecutive holidays there
are always quizzes. It is a schedule that is giving off a constant
pressure to study and not be lazy even during breaks.

With a bitter smile, and praying for good luck, I got to work.

After a little bit, Natsuki-chan, Akiho-chan, and Mafuyu-chan walked in
with a “long time no see!”.

“Oh, Studying already? Even Miharu is!”

“”Even”?! I am also a diligent worker!”

“Yeah yeah, good, good. Although unlike you, who seems to be struggling
as normal, Sara-chan is actually working diligently.”

Akiho-chan spoke about me while ruffling Miharu-chan’s head.

“Huh, uh yeah. It isn’t so bad.”

“Sara-chi is so modest, when I study it’s so exhausting.”

“I won’t deny it isn’t.”

Mafuyu-chan just says it right out. . .

“I am studying hard, but um, my motivations aren’t so pure.”

“Is that so? Ah, haha, so~ trying to show off your good side to the
person you like?”

“Ah, yeah, sorta like that. . . ?”

I actually just don’t want to be seen as a girl with only good looks,
but I’ll just keep that to myself. 

Besides, recently I’ve been working harder to get Shiori-san to praise
me, so they aren’t totally wrong.

“Um, well. I’ve already begun dating the person I liked.”

“”””Eh!?””””

The four voices harmonized in shock. Also the entire classroom fell
silent. All eyes were focused on me now. Eh, this is pretty scary.

“W-Wait, did I hear that correctly!?”

“Eh, You did?”

“Immediately I need some of the details! Since when!?”

“Um, since last week.”

“That’s wonderful. We’ll hear all the juicy parts later.”

“Y-Yeah, I understand.”

“Congratulations-!”

“Eh, thank you!?”

After that not only my four friends, but my other classmates began to
congratulate me. And then for the next few days students from other
classes I didn’t even know would congratulate me.

Many people would ask “What kind of person are they?” or “When did you
begin to fall in love?”. It was getting a bit troublesome.

Isn’t everybody too gossip obsessed? Although I’m a little surprised by
the amount of celebration.

But what shocked me the most was-

“Congratulations. Be happy with Sugimura-senpai.”

Akiho-chan secretly whispered to me.

When I asked how she knew about it, she brushed it off saying something
similar to what I heard from Yoko-san. “We have our information
networks”. The mystery remained.

We-ll, I don’t know how she knows, but it doesn’t sound like she plans
on spreading it around. And it seems they are even cheering me on, so
it’s okay.

Since it’s been a while, I wonder if I should start gushing over my
sweetheart, just kidding.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Finally a new chapter! Woo. I’m loving these chapters, they are so
cute. Sucks we didn’t get to see the firework date, but seeing more of
the world react is also very fun to see.*

*Like if you did*

*TN: Also sorry for no new novels. I haven’t really been looking, won’t
be lying. I did translate a few chapters of other stories but scrapped
them half way because I didn’t like the directions.*

* My focus changed to just doing other stuff, although translating this
chapter was pretty fun though.*

* I was recommended a few interesting stories from “exist to keep my
promise”. My only conundrum is they are very underground. Like 80 likes,
maybe a few hundred reads. I’ve always translated works that were way
bigger than me. But oddly enough my reach is larger than these works.
It’s a weird position. So I’m torn.*

* Anyways until next time! Thanks for reading.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0049_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0051_Chapter.md)

