[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0051_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0053_Chapter.md)



# Extra 5: \[R18+\] (Sara’s POV) (1)

In the wide world of relationships, how much time is supposed to pass
until you take it to the next step?

It has almost been 3 months since Shiori-san and I started dating, and
that question is still ruminating.

Obviously the answer is, “it’s different for each couple”. Some people
don’t even hold hands or kiss over six months in their relationship,
while others get married the very same day. Some even start living
together as soon as they can. Some couples go through their entire life
staying in a platonic relationship.

That scenario caused me to have a lot of anxiety when I first found out
about it. I just hope that doesn’t apply to me.

What I’m trying to say is that I want to move forward in my relationship
with Shiori-san! I want to, for lack of better words, be naughty! I want
to touch her, and be touched by her!

Until recently I was a pure girl, I never had these dirty thoughts, but
I can’t just ignore these feelings now. I am happy being with
Shiori-san, but that alone isn’t enough to make me feel fulfilled.

Lately, even on the train ride to school, I’ve been getting the itch to
kiss her, And then when she comes over after school, while she sits
beside me, the entire time my mind is filled with how to make the mood
right. I don’t know how many times I envisioned myself pushing her down
in my head. I’ve been doing my best to hold it back until, however If we
inadvertently touched I’m afraid I might lose myself and embrace her. So
as of recently I’ve been very vigilant. 

Despite this she keeps innocently kissing me, and leaning onto me. She
is truly a little cute devil.

When we first started dating, I declared I would cherish her, but lately
I’m starting to lose confidence in myself.

Despite me desperately trying to suppress my horniness, spontaneously
Shiori-san likes to drop bombs.

At the firework show I earnestly told her my struggle. I may have not
expressed it in the clearest of terms, but it should be impossible for
even Shiori-san to misunderstand my words.

So then, why is she always so defenseless?

“Today, I feel like snuggling with Sara.” 

After school she came to my house and said that with a bright happy
voice. We sat in our usual spot, shoulders touching, however this time
she snuggled up closer to me, even put her arm around me.

Of course I have no complaints. The warmth, and softness I felt on my
side was heavenly. However I’m now forced into a game of chicken, so in
another way it was also hellish.

“You are more clingy today, did something happen?”

“No, nothing special happened. I just remembered how much I love you.”

She said such a cute thing and gave me a light kiss on the cheek.

“You are getting so good at kissing.”

“Fufu, I’ve got to practice a lot.”

“On my cheek?”

“Ye, and I’ll continue to practice way more.”

With a smug smile on her face, she kissed my cheek again. And again and
again. She repositioned herself a bit then continued the onslaught.
Slowly moving to the other side of my cheek. Then my forehead. Raining
kisses all over my face. . . 

Well Shiori-san seems to like light kisses on the cheek, but I’d prefer
them on my lips.

I took a bit of the control and stopped her, and then put my lips onto
hers, she giggled in response and wrapped her arms around me.

Ah, so much. I love her so much.

I wish my lips could convey even a tiny bit more of the love I feel for
her, these feelings are too great to express with words.

Her lips are as soft and sweet as ever. They feel amazing. It seems like
she’s gotten more used to kissing than when we first started dating as
well. Plus the atmosphere is nice, so perhaps now would be an okay time
to be a little more aggressive.

I ran my finger throughout her fluffy black hair, held her head close,
and switched to a more forceful smooch. She stiffened a little, but did
not reject my advance. On the contrary her hands, which were around my
back, gripped into my shirt tighter, it was as if she was urging me to
continue. 

I deepened the kiss while scanning for her reactions to make sure it was
okay. It was lovely as she trembled within my arms, giving deep sighs in
response to our embrace. I don’t think I can stop.

“Shiori-san. . !

“Mm. . Sara . . Ah .”

I slowly pushed her down onto the couch, similar to what she had done to
me in the past. I thought perhaps she’d resist, but as she looked up at
me with moist eyes and a heavy breath, she easily let me lay her down.

That erotic look made my heart go a flutter, from the pit of my stomach
I felt a jolt. As you’d expect from Shiori-san, she is very sexy.

Her labored long breaths, flushed cheeks, everything about her seemed to
be inviting me. I can’t stop. I want her all. From the top of her head
to the soles of her feet, even deep inside her, wherever no one has ever
touched before.

And it is finally within my grasps, my entire body is shivering from
anticipation.

“I love you. . . Shori-san. I love. . .”

Now it is my turn to kiss her face all over. Whispering how much I love
her between each peck.

While trying to contain my excitement I stopped the kisses, I caressed
her shoulder, which made her breath quicken as she squirmed, my heart
swelled in anticipation with how she’d react if I’d remove her uniform
and directly touch her skin.

I slowly traced my fingers along her shoulders, arms, and to her sides,
gently I moved to kiss her neck and her ear. I had to remind myself not
to rush it, so I made sure to avoid direct contact with her breasts or
butt until she has relaxed a little more.

From the sighs which occasionally escaped from her tightly pressed lips,
to her shyly lowering her eyelashes, everything about her was so
adorable, it was driving me crazy.

And perhaps she has sensitive ears. For some time now, I feel like she
reacts more whenever I kiss them.

So I took her soft earlobe between my lips, lightly biting into it. Her
eyes closed tightly as her body trembled in response. It is clearly
affecting her.

“Do you like it?”

“. . . I Don’t know.”

She is adorable. I can’t help but do this more.

I ran my tongue around her earlobe to tease her, her body began to
tremble more and more.

I blew air into her ear  “A-A-Ah. . !” finally a lewd cry she could not
contain. And the next second.

Bang! 

I was thrusted away.

“Eh. . ?”

“Ah.”

Shiori-san, with her arms still stretched out, looked at her hands in
surprise. Then quickly lowering them.

With an apologetic look, eyebrows hung low, she turned to me.

“I’m sorry, I. . .”

“Uh, no it’s fine, I was the one. . . that. . .”

An uncomfortable silence fell upon us.

The heat from before completely dissipated, it felt like the room itself
cooled down. 

“Wait, no. I was just surprised by my own voice, really It . . . It
wasn’t like I didn’t want to. . .”

I know She is telling the truth.

Up until now she was genuinely accepting my advances. The way her eyes
looked during the heat of the moment reassured me.

It was sudden though, and perhaps she wasn’t able to mentally prepare
herself. I know it isn’t because she doesn’t want to.

“It’s fine. I’m sorry I surprised you.”

I said with a reassuring smile. Shiori-san tried to say something, but
she swallowed her next words.

After a short break of silence, she apologized once again.  I wondered
what she was about to say. – – – however It’s painfully awkward to
continue that conversation now.

I do feel disheartened though. Just because I realize now that she just
didn’t want it as strongly as I did.

I do believe she isn’t against it. But does that mean she really wants
it? Like I know she likes to kiss, but does she want to do more than
that?

“Don’t worry about it, because really it’s okay.”

I hardened myself and did my best to look strong. Shiori-san hesitated a
little, but then gave a small nod.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*So close, but Shiori is just too pure. Don’t worry however because this
is just part one in a* *FIVE* *part series. So expect four more parts
soon.*

*I’m back, just to translate my favorite story though. My motivation for
finding a new story or continuing another is still zero. But for this
story I shall awake from my slumber. Nagatsuki has returned just to gift
us a FIVE part short story. These are all +18, mostly focusing on Sara
and Shiori taking their relationship to the next level it seems. *

*I can’t keep up my old schedule anymore, IRL has gotten way busier than
before. *

*So look forward to part 2 in like 3-6 days. *


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0051_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0053_Chapter.md)

