[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0052_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0054_Chapter.md)



# Extra 6: \[R18+\] (2)

“AAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! I screwed up. . .”

I was writhing atop my bed, gasping the pillow, and feeling the
unbearable sense of regret, guilt and shame pound upon me.

How did it end up like this? Sara has finally mustered up the courage to
make a move, The moment I had been waiting for was finally happening. 

But then just because I was so embarrassed by my voice, my mind went
blank, and before I knew it I had pushed her way. I am the worst.

“. . . I’m sorry Sara.”

I can’t unsee the shocked look on her face after I shoved her away. She
tried her best to cover it up with a smile, but I’m sure she was hurt.

I wasn’t opposed to it, I wanted us to continue. Those eyes were filled
with desire as she looked down at me with that serious expression. I was
so excited and happy seeing how much she wanted me.

I should have just been honest and told her, but I ended up going home
without managing to even do that. . . what the heck am I doing? I am the
older one, why am I so pathetic!?

“Hahhhh. . .”

I let out a heavy sigh as I buried my face into my pillow.

I had a ton of excuses, but there is one of them I can’t tell anyone.

I have recently forgotten, but I’m the sub-heroine in a R18 Doujin game.
The heroines in R18 games are usually very sensitive, and that’d be
double for their first time, so obviously they would act in ways you
wouldn’t expect. And of course, (Shiori Sugimura) was no exception. . .
I was fully clothed and it felt incredible.

If it was just a greeting kiss, I would be able to manage the
sensations. However, once it became sexual, it was as if a switch
flipped within my body, and I became really sensitive. I wish I could
convey the complete confusion I felt at that time. However that still
isn’t an excuse to hurt Sara.

“Anyways I need to clear up this misunderstanding.”

I also want to be with her.

I can’t let our first time end up being a bitter memory. I’ll just
prepare to be a little crazy. So what, I’m too sensitive? Whatever,
bring it on!

It’s better to act fast.

I jumped out of my bed and began to plan my next move.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“I’m sorry about yesterday!”

After school the following day, I apologized to Sara as she sat a little
further away from me than usual. She didn’t mention yesterday at all,
neither on the morning train ride nor when we got to her house. Perhaps
she didn’t want to talk about it.

Her face stiffened as she said “Don’t worry about it, it’s okay.” I know
that isn’t true. 

“I can tell you worry about it. So, could you listen to me a bit?”

“. . .Okay.”

She gave an uneasy nod. I said thank you and took her hand.

She glanced up as I began to tell her what was on my mind since
yesterday.

“I don’t want you to misunderstand, but I am happy that Sara wants me.”

“. . .Really?”

“Really. I also wanted to do it with you too. You might be turned off to
know this, but I’ve been looking at you in that way even before we
started dating. . .”

Ahhhh, I said it. I’m even more embarrassed now. 

I meant to properly explain myself, but I ended up muttering my inner
thoughts again. 

“I really was just surprised yesterday. I was surprised I could make a
voice like that, but also it was . . . . too much.”

“Eh?”

“— It felt so good! I think I am just really sensitive. I was shocked by
how intense it felt even with my clothes on, I just instinctually wanted
to put it to a stop, but I do wonder what would happen if we continued.
. .”

Ahhh this is so embarrassing!

Despite me boldly telling the truth, I can’t help but feel a bit of
regret for oversharing my true feelings.

But if I’m going to be found out for being sensitive sooner or later, it
would be better to just say it. Right!? Plus Sara is also a sub-heroine,
so she is most likely just as sensitive. If two people with sensitive
skin get together, we’d both react the same. It’s fine, totally fine, if
we both get excited together there will be no embarrassment! !

“A-Anyways. Do you get it?”

“Yeah, I get it. . . I’m happy it isn’t just me though.”

Sara said with a relieved smile, which just made my heart ache with
guilt.

“Of course I do. I’m sorry I didn’t properly express my feelings.”

“No, you’ve said your mind now, so it’s all okay. Thank you.”

She then squeezed my hand back, there was no longer any sadness.

Now that this misunderstanding has been cleared up. There is one job
left. In a way, it’s actually where the real work begins.

“Sara, would you perhaps be okay if we. . .”

I hesitated a bit. Sara realized what I was going to say and looked at
me expectantly.

“. . . Tomorrow when I come over would it be okay?”

“- – -YES!”

Tomorrow is Saturday, and that was originally the day we were meant to
study. I also plan on staying over, and finally being with her.

I got permission from my mother yesterday.  I think she knows what I’m
planning to do, because she was grinning at me in a very suggestive way,
even though I didn’t tell her anything specific.

 “Ah what should I do, I’m too excited to study!”

“O-K, you must take your studying seriously. We’ll do that sort of thing
at night, okay?”

Right after that came out of my mouth I realized what I said. No, I
didn’t mean it like that, I just wanted to calm her down, but ah I guess
it is a sorta invitation regardless.

I thought Sara wouldn’t have paid it any mind, but she tightly grabbed
onto my words, giving a nod with a blushed face down to her neck “Okay
”. At this point the atmosphere isn’t right to correct her on my
intention.

“. . .Shiori-san. Isn’t this just called unfinished business?”

“It’s also called putting it on hold.”

“Eh!”

She complained as a tiny fire in her was lit, but I also feel the
unfinished business.

But generally these things require preparation, and tonight I’d need to
polish my whole body. Also as for underwear, the ones I wore yesterday
were not the best, so I was secretly relieved we didn’t get too far.

I want to be in top shape, and a sleepover with plenty of time and
pillow talk is definitely better than a hectic first experience where
I’d need to worry about when I’ll be home.

“Food tastes better when you’re a little hungry.”

“Come on—, that isn’t fair. Fine then, but I’m going to be eating till I
am stuffed tomorrow!”

“Yeah yeah.”

. . . Wait a minute. Does that mean I’m the one being eaten?

Weird. I want to do this and that to Sara, despite my plan-

“You better be prepared!”

I felt a chill run down my spine as my beloved said those threatening
words with an angelic smile.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Hello another part down. It seems like they’ll finally progress soon.
It’s always fun to translate their back a forth.*

*Anyways expect the part in like 3-6 days.*

*Like if you did*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0052_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0054_Chapter.md)

