[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0057_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0059_Chapter.md)



# Extra 11: A Mob Saw! (Mob POV) (1)

Do you remember in chapter 8, it was hinted that for some reason there
were more members in the art club than in the original?

This is the story about those “Extra members for some reason” from a
mob’s point of view.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

It was a true coincidence that I, Shigebe Hitomi, a mob background
character, found them.

It was the day after the entrance ceremony. I was in my Yuri Nomiya’s
High school uniform, excited about starting my high school life, when on
the train I met them. My ideal couple.

I could only think it was fate, and I still believe so.

I woke up too early so I got on the train a bit early that day. As I was
playing with my smartphone my Yuri senses suddenly tingled, I looked up
and was captivated by an incredibly beautiful girl. Perhaps the most
beautiful girl I had ever seen, it wasn’t even close to anybody else.

She was staring intently at the seat right next to me. Following her
gaze I looked and saw another beautiful girl, of an entirely different
variety looking and gazing out the window.

Naturally my Yuri senses went abuzz. I knew this is where a new yuri
would sprout! I had to watch over these buds with care!! As I
eavesdropped on their conversation, they apparently knew each other, it
seemed that they would be commuting to school together starting
tomorrow. Hmm, the cart they planned on meeting at was two stops later.
Okay, I’ll take that one as well.

I’m looking forward to it! I’m feeling rejuvenated. 

A morning rendezvous between two beauties from different schools. . .
Wonderful! I will support them!

And so my high school life got off to a good start.

The student council president is beautiful, there are two childhood
friends in my class that have the potential yuri, and there are many
other promising candidates. It’s the perfect environment for love to
bloom. This is my paradise!

After finishing my first wonderful day, I went towards the manga club to
check out their club activities, but on the way I stumbled upon someone
I recognized. It was the beautiful girl on the train this morning. . . I
believe her name was Sugimura-san. Sugimura-senpai was walking with
someone who seemed to be her friend.

“I wonder what club she is a part of?”

If such a beautiful senpai is in the club, it would be a feast for the
eyes everyday. More than anything, my sixth sense was reacting. If I
follow her, I can have my fill of yuri.

I followed her to the art club room, and before I knew it, I had decided
to join that very same day.

After all, there were the two childhood friends from my class who were
also potential yuri candidates apart from the club. My sense was telling
me this was definitely the place to be for Yuri.

“And that’s how I’m in Yuri heaven!”

“Um, I don’t understand anything you’re saying. . .”

Two weeks after my high school debut. I got a chance to meet up with my
best friend from middle school for the first time in a while. I was able
to report my recent situation. She responded with a comment which was
quite blunt.

Ugh-, these merciless comments! I miss them. My friends from high school
are still quite reserved.

“Anyways those two just make me so happy when I watch them. A first year
student who is cute both inside and out, and her kind doting beautiful
Senpai.”

“That does sound cool.”

“Isn’t it? So, Sugimura-Senpai is pretty sulky when she does club
activities, and isn’t the type to actively dote on her juniors, but when
she sees the beautiful girl, she has a super sweet smile! It’s a gap
moe, isn’t it?”

“If you say so. . .”

It’s so annoying seeing my best friend have a “I don’t know what is
happening” face, she just doesn’t understand how much I love them.
Seeing is believing, and I can’t give them justice. No matter how much I
explain it, she won’t fully appreciate that special atmosphere between
the two of them.

I should just take a picture or video of them together. However
Sugimura-Senpai might know my face, so I can’t get too close. I really
want to keep my good seat right in front of them, so I need to hold back
and watch from a little distance.

“If you take the train to school with me you could see them.”

When I complained about her taking the bus, she responded with a
reasonable take: “Because the bus is cheaper.” Come to think of it, she
has told me that three times before.

Unlike me, she is a good student, so she went to Tsubakigaoka, and thus
our opportunities to hang have drastically decreased. There is a bus
that goes straight to Tsubakigaoka from the nearest station by my house,
but none of the stops on the route are near Yuri Nomiya. I had assumed
before entering highschool we would be commuting together in the morning
despite going to different schools, unfortunately that wasn’t the case.

“Besides, wouldn’t it be easier for you to watch them if you’re alone?”

“That is true, but I want to share the moment with you.”  
“I would be in agony if I had to listen to your rambles on a daily
basis.”

“How mean!? Damn you, one day I will show you the wonders of Yuri!”

She is generally a good girl, but she has a sharp tongue. I wonder if
she was able to make any friends at Tsubakigaoka? I heard she has, but I
feel like she is probably pretending to be someone else.

Although I can’t really talk, since she is the only person I can be
myself around, I also have a bit of a facade. It’s hard to tell someone
you just met, “3D Yuri is the best! I wish all of humanity was Yuri!”

“I’ll listen to you occasionally like this, so don’t sweat it.”

“O-K, thank you very much.”

Yeah, she is a good guy.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Every morning on the train I would watch Sugimura-Senpai and the girl,
and I could see them get closer little by little. Sometimes they got so
close I wondered if they were going to kiss, and they got so embarrassed
that I wondered if they were giving me fan service. I silently clasped
my hands together and thanked them.

Thank you. I couldn’t help but wish that I could just give them some
help.

Even so, they were quite the eye catcher. Not many girls(pervert) would
be as dedicated as I am to watch over them.

Any chance I got I would watch them, I could also notice boys wanting to
get in between their love, and girls looking on as if they wanted to
join in.

First of all, Shimamoto Aoi, one half of the potential childhood-friend
couple, seems like she has feelings for Sugimura-senpai.

I really want to make the childhood friend Yuri come true, but of course
I have no intentions of forcing it to happen. If there is a possibility
for a lily flower to bloom, it is a lady’s(pervert) job to simply watch
over it quietly, no matter the result.

Well I’m a ShioSara fan anyways, but recently Sugimura-senpai and
Yoko-Senpai have been a nice pairing, but I don’t feel any sparks
between the two of them, so it’s ShioSara all the way. ShioSara is fine.

So anyways I have no intention of getting involved with Shimamoto-san’s
love life.

I will just watch over them, like a houseplant.

When I told my best friend about all this, her face contorted in disgust
and said to me “That’s really gross.”

“It’s harmless, so please forgive me.”

“You’re a bit of a stalker aren’t you? That’s scary.”

“Uhh, I can’t deny that. . .”

The time I spend commuting to school by train and the reason I joined
the art club, I chose both of those because of them. 

Hmm I just can’t stop though. It’s no exaggeration to say it has become
my life’s work.

“In general you’re always so obsessed with love. . . of the yuri
variety, but you aren’t interested in it for yourself?”

“Do you mean like me going out with someone?”

“Yeah. Like do you have a crush on anyone? Or atleast a type?”

“It is annoying when people don’t answer this. Hmm, but I don’t have
one. My type, hmm. . .”

I can answer my favorite pairings right away, but it’s strange how
difficult it is to match myself with someone.

Generally, I’d rather pursue yuri than my own romantic relationships. If
I had to date someone, it’s need to be with someone who accepts my
hobbies, and lets me be me. Someone who can have fun with me would be
the best.

“It would be someone who would wish the greatest happiness for my
favorite couple. . . I think?”

The moment I answered, my best friend dropped her shoulders in
disappointment and shook her head, saying “I was stupid to ask.”

I did answer seriously, how rude of her.

“I think it’s important to have similar interests.”

“Well that is another way of saying that. Anyways, your favorite
couple’s other half always looks depressed at school.”

“What!? She has an angelic smile whenever she is on the train!?”

“Well at school she doesn’t look happy at all. Her beauty makes her
stand out, and there are rumors going around that she engages in
compensated dating.”

“Of course that can’t be right, not the angel! Is Tsubakigaoka that kind
of school? A school where they would make such cruel rumors!? Well stop
it, that school shouldn’t cloud my favorite’s smile. It is true she has
an otherworldly beauty, like an angel who has descended on earth, but
she’s a pure girl who wouldn’t lay a hand on anyone, besides
Sugimura-senpai! You can tell just by looking at her! My Yuri sensors
don’t lie!”

I said everything I wanted to say in one breath, I spoke so quickly I
really looked like an otaku, and she looked shocked. Her mouth twitched
as she simply replied, “I-I see. . .”, but I nodded vigorously saying
“That’s right!”

She looked off into the distance and said.

“You’ve gotten even more creepy since you entered high school.”, but I
won’t give up on this. I’ve never told her this, but when you see the
angel fidgeting and waiting for Sugimura-senpai to get on the train
every morning, I can say for certain that those rumors are not real.

Everyone should see the bright smile she gives when she spots
Sugimura-senpai, and her happy bouncy voice. Anybody who’d see that
would have no choice but support her!

“Hahh, well, if you say so. . . I’ll wish a little bit of happiness to
your favorite couple too.”

“Akiho-sama! You truly are my best friend!”

“You’re so annoying!”

My best friend was taken aback by my passionate speech, but regardless
she will still support me even if she had a strained smile, I spread out
my arms for a hug, but she earnestly rejected me.

Hehe, it’s fine. My best friend listens to my Yuri obsession without
rejecting me, she does say mean things to me afterwards, but still. She
is priceless ! !

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Sorry for the bit of delay. Got busy. This chapter was really fun to
translate, I really enjoyed the 2 new characters, they were fun to write
for. There will be one more chapter and then we are all caught up 😦 *

*Next chapter in like 3-7 days*

*Like if you did*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0057_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0059_Chapter.md)

