[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0058_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# Extra 12: A Mob Saw! (Mob POV) (2)

I’m jealous, I’m envious, and I’m resentful.

I feel all of that. 

A while ago that problem involving Sugimura-senpai’s angel, with her
being ostracized at school, apparently was resolved. 

That in itself is a wonderful thing. Since then, the angel’s smile has
been brighter and I feel like she and Sugimura-senpai have somehow
become even closer.

Thank you so much. I feel like my life expectancy is getting longer
every day.

Also, apparently Akiho was involved in solving the problem. She took
advantage of people’s attitudes changing in school towards the angel,
and invited her into her group.

In other words! She gets to eat lunch with the Angel every day!

I didn’t know what to do after I heard that. Shit, I’m jealous! When I
found out we were in Karaoke, maybe I should express those feelings by
singing death metal!

“You kept mentioning that she looked like an angel, but I thought you
were exaggerating. However she actually looks like an angel.”

“I told you so! I mean, how could you doubt me!?”

“She is also surprisingly really cute on the inside too, Sara-chan I
mean.”

“Ahhh! I’m so jealous you can even call her Sara-chan! ! I feel like
cursing you!”

Whatever, I’ll just call her Sara-chan in my head.

I’d love to have lunch with her. If possible, I’d like to accompany
Sugimura-senpai and eat lunch with the two of them. I’d watch them
intimately feed each other while saying “Ahh”.

 My best friend’s expression froze as I indulged in my own fantasies,
but I’m used to that by now.

“Well I kinda understand why Hitomi was making such a big fuss about her
being in a lesbian relationship with Sugimura-senpai.” 

“Eh, what are you talking about? Tell me Akiho-sama.”

Akiho signed, looking at me in amazement at how quickly my mood shifts.

I clasped my hands in front of my heart, telling her to hurry up, she
hit me hard on my forehead and told me.

“Anyways. . . the reason why everyone around Sara-chan softened up was
because she said she had a crush on someone from another school.”

“Oooh! From another school!”

“Shhh, your voice and your face is too loud. Well, continuing my story.
When I asked her what kind of person they were, she said they are a
Senpai from another school, are cute, smart, kind, and there was
something else too.”

“Hey Remember it! What did she say!”

The person is a Senpai from another school, is cute, smart, kind, okay
that all matches. Well for Sugimura-senpai I’d say she is more pretty
than cute, but you can say she is cute. It’s fine. I’m sure she knows a
cute face I don’t.

“Oh yeah, she said that they lent her an umbrella the first time they
met.”

“Yippee! Praise the lord! Amen! !”

Akiho was shocked when I raised my arms as high as I could and thanked
god, but I don’t really know why? I’m not a christian. 

So basically it is confirmed right? I’m probably the only one who knows
that the two met when Sugimura-senpai offered her umbrella to ms.angel
Sara-chan, she was soaking wet from rain at the time. I know all this
because I eavesdropped on them when I first saw them on the train!

Good job past me!

“Oh yeah, now that I think about it, isn’t Yuri Nomiya a Christian
school?”

“Oh it is, isn’t it? They pray every day in the morning assembly, even
though everybody is half asleep. But thank you for the confirmation. A
huge Lily flower has bloomed, congratulations, thank you.”

“Y-You’re welcome?”

Yah! My intuition was right after all.

Seeing Sugimura-senpai’s lovey dovey face, it was pretty easy to know
that an arrow was pointing at Sara-chan, but how Sara-chan felt wasn’t
clear yet.

Now from tomorrow onwards I can enjoy the mornings excitedly watching a
mutual “unrequited” yuri love. I’m so happy.

“Hahh. . . That was so creepy.”

As I excitedly imagined tomorrow’s fun, my best friend held her head
with a dejected expression.

Well, she’s been calling me creepy since middle school, so it’s a bit
late now.

Something was off about her though.

“Is something up?”

“Yeah. . . Um, so I became friends with Sara-chan, and it seems like
your favorite couple you have a mutual love. . . Or rather it seems like
Sara-chan likes her at least.”

“Uh huh?”

“So therefore, I think I want to support those two as well.”

“Seriously!?!?”

I don’t know why she is furrowing her brow talking about such a 
wonderful thing with a voice full of anguish, but it’s good that I found
a comrade.

She also goes to school with Sara-chan, so being a fan will get even
more exciting!

“This is a good thing! Why the big frown?”

“It’s not that I’m not happy. . . I mean, I’m going to support Sara-chan
and her Senpai’s love together with you. Would that be okay?”

“Of course!”

“So therefore, what I mean to say. . . “

After a “Ugh—” and an “Ahh-”, she finally mustered up some courage, and
with an absurd grimace she muttered softly.

“So, that means I am a potential girlfriend candidate for Hitomi, right.
. ?”

That was really unexpected.

No, not in my wildest dreams would I even imagine that Akiho-sama would
say that to me, hasn’t she repeatedly called me creepy?

I probably shouldn’t make a joke of this. She’s serious. I just finished
a yuri manga yesterday where a girl tries to avoid it by calling it a
joke, and she gets punched in the face. I have to respond seriously and
sincerely.

“Um, well, Let’s start as friends first!”

“We are already friends!”

I didn’t think about that! I guess that isn’t the right thing to say
here.

Hmm, Akiho was really cute just now. Her brow was all creased, but with
a bright red face when she asked “Am I a potential girlfriend for
Hitomi.” was honestly touching. If she was willing to go out of her way
to support my idol couple, that means she really likes me.

I mean I don’t think I’ll find anybody who knows me as well as Akiho
does, especially one who would do such a commendable thing like confess
to me.

“You have bad taste.”

“I know that.”

“Haha, I suppose so. Hmm. . . Could I have some time to think about it?”

“You have 40 seconds.”

“That’s too short!”

To be honest, I’m surprised at myself for actually thinking it might be
possible.

I never imagined I’d ever be in love with anyone, and I especially never
imagined it with someone like Akiho, but somehow I felt like that might
be okay. I know that sounds kinda snobbish.

But could I really be a girlfriend? Like go on dates, and eventually
kiss, perhaps even more than that.

Whoa wait wait a moment, why is Akiho suddenly cuter to me? Am I that
easy !?

“. . . I will take your proposal into consideration positively
weighted.”

Akiho, who usually doesn’t express a lot of emotion, suddenly showed a
smile that was much happier than I had ever seen before.

Oh no. I just formed a crush on her.

I’ve put off my reply, but I have a feeling I will definitely fall for
her. Or rather, I’m already about halfway through it, and it feels like
I’m being sucked in.

I see. So Sugimra-senpai’s angel was our cupid.

We’ll just have to keep pushing in the future.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

AN:

Akiho is one of Sara’s friends. She was the one who had a crush on
someone, this was the context for that crush.

That’s why she talks about it after Sara and Shiori started dating.

Thank you for reading as always.

If you enjoy it, I’d be happy if you left your comments, bookmarks or
left a rating.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*TN:*

*Here is the final chapter :(. We are all caught up . . . It was fun
while it lasted, I hope more chapters come soon. I enjoyed revisiting
these characters, the new characters were cool, although that confession
felt really rushed, or this chapter itself felt rushed. Ah well.*

*Like if you did*

*/Next*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0058_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

