[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0019.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0021.md)



# Chapter 20: The Golden Saint

“I will erase the night.”

In response to Sylberthal’s declaration, the godlike Spirit King of
Light, her minion, began to shine like a second sun.

“Ohhh… Lady Sylberthal!!!”

The demons under Sylberthal's command, who had rushed to the scene, now
abandoned their previous targets and looked up at their master with eyes
full of adoration.

"Eh!?"

At the same time, their former targets—the demons under Yurushia's
command, Geas and Onza—suddenly trembled in their stuffed animal bodies
and abruptly began to dig holes in the ground.

In Sylberthal’s Holy Nation, a land said to have no night, there was
still a twilight similar to the moments before sunrise. This white and
azure-tinged sky was cleaved by a blinding white light, transforming not
only the sky over the southern continent where Sylber Kingdom was
located but also the entire continent into "broad daylight" in an
instant.

"Sylberthal-sama—!?"

The Arch Demons under Sylberthal's command, who had been approaching
closely, were struck with expressions of shock, before instantly turning
to white ash and disappearing.

Humans believe that light is the attribute of gods and darkness the
attribute of demons, but spiritual beings have no such attributes.

However, the positive magical power of the \[Spirits\] - "Spiritual
Power" - is the polar opposite of the negative magical power of the
\[Demons\], and the Spirit King's "Light" easily incinerated even the
Arch Demons, the highest-ranking demon thought to be by humans.

But the same applied to "humans."

Many humans believe that humans are 'neutral' beings. They don't possess
particularly strong powers. But their abilities are average compared to
other races, and they don't have any special weaknesses.

They don't get burned by sunlight like vampires.

They don't perish by holy power like the undead.

They don't become corrupted simply by touching blood like some forest
spirits.

Humans say they are different from such beings. But that's not entirely
correct.

Humans look at the weaknesses of the strong and consider them to be
their "weaknesses." But can't it be said that humans who drown after
being submerged in water for a few minutes have a weakness to water?
Can't it be said that humans who burn to death simply by being roasted
in fire have a weakness to fire? Can't it be said that humans who die of
thirst after being exposed to sunlight for half a day have a weakness to
light?

The Spirit King's light fell equally and indiscriminately on such
"fragile" humans, incinerating the humans living in the capital who had
been left behind in the battle of the demons, and those living far from
the capital woke up to the midday sunlight that fell during the night,
bowing their heads as if begging for forgiveness from "God."

"Only the chimeras and... you remain. Well, that's fine."

Sylberthal smiled faintly with her half-burned beauty.

The only ones left alive were the four servants and Rinne, who was still
impaled on the stone pillar, along with Sylberthal and the chimeras she
had created.

””"......"””

Although there was a difference in power, the four servants squinted at
the strong light, and it was enough to simply block the light with their
arms. However, Rinne, who had been driven to the brink of death even as
a high-ranking demon, was beginning to erode from the surface due to the
strong spiritual power.

Seeing this, the servants nodded at each other and began to move to free
Rinne.

"Indeed, you children of Yurushia have such troublesome natures."

A "demon" saving their comrades.

Basically, demons tend to obey those with power, but they have little
interest in protecting their subordinates or comrades. After all, since
evil souls become demons as a "sin," there's no way there would be any
decent ones.

However, seeing that the demons involved with Yurushia, who possesses
the dual human attributes of good and evil, were behaving atypically,
Sylberthal became interested in Yurushia and her minions once more.

"Now then, let's have our fill of this. Come at me with all you've got."

"Ta-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

Tina, closing the gap in an instant, directly attacked Sylberthal, and a
fierce magical spark flew between them as Sylberthal blocked it.

Tina's curse of \[Petrification\] had no effect on Sylberthal. Even
thousands of snakes lacked the necessary offensive power to defeat her.

That's why she attacked directly; Even though they were of the same
rank, Sylberthal was impressed by Tina's courage to attack an opponent
with several times more magical power, as well as her combat sense to
quickly retreat before the counterattack could be countered with an
attack on her comrades.

"Hoho, marvelous."

"...I'm the head maid after all."

With the support of Noah and Fannie, who launched long-range attacks,
Tina and Nia alternated their positions from front and back, left and
right, and above and below to attack Sylberthal.

"Haah!!"

Bababan!!!

As the two close-combat fighters jumped back, Sylberthal deflected
Noah's launched magical cannonball with her arm.

"Yaaaahh!!"

Tina kicked Sylberthal in the back of the head, and Sylberthal, who
gently avoided it, created a void space around Tina with her black eyes.

"Can you withstand this?"

In the void space, there was neither light nor darkness, neither life
nor death, nor distance nor time, and everything it touched was reduced
to nothing.

If she were to take a direct hit, even Tina, a newly evolved Demon Lord,
would be in danger, but before Tina's figure was enveloped in the void,
she simply disappeared.

"...You..."

Sylberthal's gaze fell on Fannie, who was standing there with a smirk.

The attack had been an illusion created by Fannie.

Normally, it would be impossible to deceive Sylberthal's eyes, but
taking advantage of Sylberthal's gap while she was fighting four people
at once, Fannie had repeatedly saved her comrades from dire situations.

She had the lowest attack power and the lowest defense, but Fannie
deceived Sylberthal's eyes using illusions, created opportunities for
her comrades to attack, and avoided fatal blows.

Her comrades, believing in her, attacked with all their might without
defending themselves, and as a result, Sylberthal was forced to defend
more often.

But, even so…

"I see..."

Even so, Sylberthal's advantage remained unshaken.

With a deeper smile gracing her lips, Sylberthal narrowed her eyes
slightly. As the four grew wary, Tina and Nia launched simultaneous
attacks.

Bam!!!

"Gah!"

"―Huh?"

"That hurt a little."

The two who had launched the attack involuntarily let out a cry, and
Sylberthal, who had taken the attacks on her abdomen and temple without
dodging, smirked and swept her arm across the area slightly above the
two who had lost their balance from the attack.

Sylberthal had been watching Fannie, not dodging the attacks, and as the
illusions of the two who had launched the attacks disappeared, the two
who had been in empty space were blown away simultaneously.

At the same time, Yaomatobi, who had been observing from the side, fired
a laser-like beam at Noah and Fannie in the back.

Noah, who had been trying to find an opportunity to heal Rinne, had his
arms and legs shot through, and Fannie, who had also been shot,
desperately protected Noah as he lost his balance.

"Such a crude battle is something I haven't had since I fought with the
original three pillars. No, it's nostalgic."

With just a little bit... just a tiny bit of seriousness, the four who
had just evolved into \[Demon Lords\] were instantly beaten to a pulp.

This was the oldest Demon Lord—the Ancient Serpent, \[Mad Princess\]
Sylberthal.

"Thank you for reminding me how to fight. I'll give you a reward."

Sylberthal laughed cheerfully, and as her magical power increased
rapidly, Yaomatobi began to shine brightly.

"——'Eternal Day'——"

With the 'Divine Language' uttered by Sylberthal, the words began to
become ‘real’ over an unimaginably vast area.

Night disappeared from the entire world, and even the clouds were
erased, illuminating the world with an intense light like the desert
sun.

Forests began to wither, and heat haze danced on the surface of lakes
and seas as if they were boiling.

As the sudden change in temperature disrupted the atmospheric pressure,
countless tornadoes raged around the world, and huge typhoons were born
in the sea, picking up the boiling seawater.

Forests were blown away by the storm, people collapsed in small villages
and towns due to the scorching heat, fish floated on the water, and the
nations on the continent desperately erected large-scale barriers
centered around magicians to endure, but they wouldn’t last much longer.

In the Holy Kingdom, the royal family issued an emergency declaration
due to the sudden abnormal weather, and each territory began to take
measures.

The Holy Kingdom still had a barrier that had been laid out three years
ago by the "Saint," and the lords centered on the five dukedoms, which
were the starting points of the barrier, infused it with magical power.

"Hurry up and strengthen the barrier before the people are harmed!"

"Yes!"

Ludrick, who would become the new Duke of Coel in the south, along with
the hero Noel, who had become the earl of that land, also poured magical
power into strengthening the barrier.

"...Noel. I'm sorry, but please endure. You must want to go out to fight
as a hero, but there aren't enough magicians in this land yet..."

"...I understand, Ludrick. This power I feel from the south... it's
frustrating, but it's beyond my power. She entrusted this country to me.
As soon as the reinforcement here is finished, I'll immediately head to
the Verusenia territory where the Duke is absent."

"...I'm counting on you."

In that land lived the saint’s older sister, who was to become Ludrick's
wife, and her younger brother who was still young.

As they poured their magical power into her, they both gritted their
teeth, and with only a few attendants they headed into the enemy
country. Worried about "her" who was probably working to put an end to
this situation, they turned towards the south.

"...Yurushia"

The destruction of the world.

A demon goddess who does it on a whim.

The highest-ranking demons who had experienced it up close were exposed
to enormous spiritual power and, their damaged bodies unable to
withstand it, were drained of their magical power and unable to move.

"Let me ask you one last question. Do you have any intention of becoming
my children?"

Sylberthal made a casual invitation as if she were picking up a stray
cat she had met on the roadside.

If you agree, I'll welcome you as my children. If you don't, I'll
exterminate you all together.

As she called out, the four servants were about to retort angrily when a
girl's "voice" echoed through the clear blue sky illuminated by the
intense sunlight.

"――――They’re mine――――"

For just a moment — time stopped.

A crack ran through the clear blue sky, and as countless fissures
spread, the blue sky was repainted with "night" as if a thin skin were
being peeled off.

"――――Let there be light――――"

That voice could be heard throughout the world, and golden particles of
light fell like stars falling from the night sky or like snow falling
from the heavens, healing the wounded creatures and forests.

The people were stunned by the voice and merciful healing, and knelt
down as the golden light poured down upon them; this time, instead of
bowing their heads, they looked up to the sky with tears in their eyes
and joined their hands in prayer for the "great descent."

"Oh... 'God'——"

"——Yaomatobi——"

At Sylberthal's command, "daylight" spread in the sky of the Sylber
Kingdom, which had been enveloped in true darkness, colliding with
"night" and turning it into twilight, illuminating the "gold" hidden in
the darkness.

Golden hair like a flowing golden river.

A black dress that shimmered like the starry sky, wrapping around a
slender teenage body.

Skin, as pale as moonlight, was so smooth and translucent that the blue
blood beneath seemed to shimmer.

As her golden lashes fluttered, her golden eyes, like a full moon
piercing the night, glowed from within the whites of her darkness-filled
eyes.

The "golden saint" flashed a demonic smile at her "arch-enemy,"
revealing her jet-black fangs from her delicate pink lips.

"Welcome back, \[Demon Princess\]——"

"I'm back, \[Mad Princess\]——"


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0019.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0021.md)

