[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0028.md)



# Side Story 4: Nostalgic Salt Daifuku

This is Yurushia. It's been a while.

It's not that I've been slacking off. I've just been watching over other
worlds and praying for everyone's happiness. But when I finally returned
to my own country, I found a mountain of work waiting for me. My black
cat companion had dark circles under his eyes from taking over for me

...You're a demonic beast, but you're such a serious black kitty. You've
always been bold, cruel, and sensitive, but there's no need to get so
angry.

So, I'm going to be working locally for the first time in a while.

A few years ago, I introduced the profession of 'adventurer' to my
country. Some might say, 'Of course there should be adventurers in a
fantasy world,' but in this world, monsters don't appear very often, and
it was the soldiers' job to defeat dangerous creatures that attacked
roads and villages on the outskirts.

If you think about it, it's obvious. Since people pay more than half of
their income as taxes to be guaranteed safety, when a village is
attacked by dangerous creatures (hippos), soldiers are sent to solve the
problem instead of the villagers paying out of their own pockets to ask
for help from others. And for trips to areas beyond the reach of the
lord, there are mercenary groups.

So, if you ask why I created something called "Adventurers" and the
"Adventurer's Guild", it was to cut costs, frankly. With the continent
now at peace and fewer opportunities for war, I decided to redirect some
of the soldiers to production and leave some of the soldier's work...
such as pest control, to regular adventurers, with the country providing
subsidies according to the number of monsters they kill.

Well, if the number of pests decreased, there would be no jobs, but this
is the devil's doing and we don't care about that.

But when I first started, some interesting things began to happen.

Since the amount of money received varies depending on the number of
animals defeated, adventurers began to hunt pests on the roads
connecting territories that were not under the jurisdiction of soldiers.
and when we set up ranks, just like in other worlds, they even started
hunting hippos and rhinos that were once considered extremely dangerous
creatures that attacked travelers.

Hippos are scary. They're scarier than low-level stray demons. I don't
want to send soldiers out to fight and waste my tax money on labor
insurance, so this is a relief. It's quite endearing when occasionally
an overconfident adventurer meddles with a herd of elephants and gets
kicked around.

As time went on, strong adventurer parties began to appear. They were
similar to the "Hero Party (lol)"  that my older sisters used to belong
to.

Well, that so-called 'hero' (lol) was humbled by the true hero, Noel,
and abandoned by his companions, the 'saint (salt daifuku elf)' and the
'female knight (kukkuro)'. He returned to the countryside with my second
older sister, who was the only one who stayed behind… what was her name
again? They’re working as farmers.

I had a chance to meet that older sister after becoming Queen, and, as
for what I can say, she had many children and had become the wife of a
farming family. Even though she was originally the daughter of a duke.

Well, that's not important. The interesting thing that's been happening
recently with these strong adventurer parties is that members are being
'expelled'.

What a cruel thing to do! You demon! Devil!

For that reason, I dispatched a friendly, business-type demon... a
corporate slave demon with glasses and a tie, a product of that world
famous for sending reincarnators and transmigrators, to ask them what
was going on.

Exiled adventurer A (pseudonym), Saint (salt daifuku elf)’s testimony.

"What do you mean, you suddenly kicked me out of the party?! I am still
called the elf saint you know! I was previously a member of the Hero's
Party. Even just having me here adds prestige to the party. My healing  
is slow ? You can't pay a share to someone who doesn't work? What kind
of nonsense is that!? If I used sacred magic for every minor injury, my
magical power would be exhausted in no time! I was thinking of the whole
party! What are you thinking, expelling me from the party!?"

...That person is still in this country. But it's a shame to make fun of
her just because she has a strange race name and a strange name! Even
insects live their lives to the fullest!

She wanted to become good friends with some hero, but because her chest
armor was thin she tried to cling to our sect, but at the last moment
she realized that I was the founder, and her pointlessly high pride
prevented her from asking me for help, yet she still believed that I
would call out to her, and so she stayed in this country all this time.
Don't you feel sorry for her?

Let's move on to the next person.

Exiled Adventurer C (pseudonym), Female Knight (kukkuro)'s testimony.

"I tried my best too! I used to fight on the front lines alongside the
hero, so I have solid experience. I made sure to get the best weapons
and equipment so that the rear guard wouldn't be burdened. If I hadn't
been there, the magic user who was in charge of healing would have been
seriously injured. I've dedicated my youth entirely to swordsmanship. I
won't lose to any ordinary warrior, and I'm sure the rear guard is
regretting it now that I'm gone."

How cruel. She looks beautiful, but she's about the same age as my first
bodyguards, Sarah and Brie! Both of them have finally married
lower-ranking nobles and even had children, but she’s still hung up on
the hero (lol) that she abandoned herself. It's so pitiful that I can't
look at her without crying!

It seems that there are people who have been suddenly kicked out of
adventurer parties in this way.

Both the healer and the shield are essential to the party, and in a
higher-level adventurer party, it's not easy to find a replacement for
someone who is experienced in battle, so they might be in trouble.

I'm sure the members of the original adventurer party who expelled these
talented, beautiful, and wonderful women are regretting it now.

For that reason, I decided to hear the opinions of the adventurer party
that did the expelling.

The leader of the adventurer party that expelled the saint, a male
warrior (26).

"Are you asking about Ms. A (pseudonym)? I was surprised to hear that
she was originally a 'saint' in a hero party. And when I heard that she
came from the famous Holy Kingdom of Tariterudo, I welcomed her with
open arms.

But... you know, she only uses large-scale magic. Sure, our equipment is
poorer compared to a hero party, so we do get injured. But instead of
healing with large-scale magic, I asked her to heal us bit by bit and
use weaker debuff magic to lower the hit rate, but she wouldn't listen.
And she always uses her buffs and other things first, so the cost of
magic potions was ridiculous, and to top it off, she insisted on staying
only at the most luxurious inns, so we had no choice but to ask her to
quit.

And then, when I investigated, I found out that she had a criminal
record for assault on the border of the daemon territory. And later, I
heard from someone from the Holy Kingdom that there's only one 'Saint of
the Holy Kingdom,' and our Queen is that saint, right? Isn't that a
crime?"

The leader of the adventurer party who expelled the female knight, a
female magician (28)

"C (pseudonym), huh... she was quite something. She was with the hero,
wasn't she? I think the hero in the central continent is Count Noel,
right? That's amazing. But... even so, it's troublesome when she expects
us to be like that. I think she wants to fight strong enemies, but her
fighting style is more suited for one-on-one combat, and her armor is
too heavy to chase after beasts. Even so, she was great as a shield. But
still, she would buy expensive equipment for herself using the party's
funds. Sure, we can be flexible to a certain extent, but it was too
much, so I asked her to either leave the party or stop shopping, and she
left with her equipment.

Are we in trouble because she left? Well, of course we're in trouble.
The new female warrior who joined us isn't as good as her, but we're not
stupid either, so we just hunt enemies that are suitable for our own
abilities. She was the one who wanted to fight incredibly strong
enemies, but we value our lives more.

And... most of our members are around the same age as her, and they all
ended up hooking up within the party, so when they drank, they'd get
clingy and annoying."

..Ah, well... Ah, that's right! Things like that happen! Arguments
between members, and they're both adults, so it's just a quarrel, and no
one is in the wrong!

Well, it can't be helped. There are probably differences in musical
tastes and all sorts of things! (Probably)

Putting aside old grudges and the fact that she was falsely claiming to
be part of the Holy Kingdom's hero party, let's be generous and show
them a different path!

After all, I am the Queen of the Holy Yuru Yuru Church (Tears of Blood),
and the (evil) god of multiple worlds, including this one, so nothing is
impossible for me. Let's give them the best 'party' and 'enemy' that
will make them look back at their former party with envy.

I'm sure they'll be overjoyed as members of the former hero (lol) party!

＊

"They ran away."

"...Eh?"

Three months later, I involuntarily made a foolish sound at Tina's
report.

"Didn't I prepare the best party ever for them?"

"Yes. Since you requested the best party, I had sent a 'fallen former
hero' and a 'man-eating demon king' who had been smoldering in the
Abyss, both given human-looking vessels in the mortal world, to recruit
them."

"And you prepared the perfect enemy?"

"Yes. Fannie caught a fish called 'Bahamut' that was rampaging in
another world. I tossed it to them to finish it off, but as soon as the
former hero and the demon lord started fighting without restraint, they
fled."

"..."

What on earth... Despite all the preparations I made, they gave up their
glory and ran away.

Both the former hero and the demon king, as well as the fish, were of
demon lord-level - about as strong as a wild Arch Demon . I even gave
them a universal medicine, a seaweed broth that would invade their
bodies and heal them, so I don't understand why they ran away.

If they could have killed that five-kilometer-long fish, they would have
received more praise than the Holy Kingdom's hero party, and they'd be
able to surround themselves with handsome men of their choice and get
revenge on the party that kicked them out!

But well, there's nothing we can do about what’s been done. Maybe they
found something more important than glory... like love (lol).

So, I had Onza, who recently opened a ramen shop in the capital, finish
off the fish, and to prevent people like them from appearing again, I
decided to assign an instructor to the adventurers' guild.

Speaking of which, where did they go? I don't know how they'll return to
the central continent from the remote wilderness in the western part of
the continent, but since they have a wild salt daifuku elf with them,
they'll probably be fine.

Two days later, I had completely forgotten about them, but a few months
later, I received a letter (a two-meter scroll) from my older sister
(No. 2) who had married into the farming family.

"...Tina, summarize."

"As you wish. ...Apparently, those two reached the farming village of
Sigres where Lady Ophelia lives. Apparently, they’ve gone half-mad and
are trying to become concubines of her husband, so she wants you to take
them back as soon as possible."

"Oh my!"

Was the journey to Sigres that difficult? And to barge into someone
else's household and flirt with the husband...

For the time being, we have informed the Daemon King, who liked the
female knight's curves, and the former hero, who liked the saint so much
that he wanted to imprison her, of their location, and we have decided
to pray for their little happiness.

"I wonder if people who get kicked out of parties always have something
wrong with them?"

"Apparently so."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0028.md)

