[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0029.md)



# Side Story 5: Goddess's Work

How are you all doing? This is Yurushia.

It's the new year in the country I rule, and I've been participating in
ceremonies to show my face to the people. It seems that Sylberthal
didn't do anything like that at all.

As I wave from the castle terrace with Rinne, many devout people have
gathered and are cheering and praying loudly, but... I'll pretend I
didn’t see Tina, who’s leading the cult of various thin-armored people
out of the corner of my eye, and take a look at what the citizens are
doing.

Fannie sometimes finds interesting things, so there might be something
going on.

＊＊＊

"Sister Claire! I'm so tired of seeing your plain face! I'm also sick of
your poverty-stricken appearance! Brother-in-law Dean and I will be
happy together, so get out of here!"

"No way... Nora. We were good sisters, weren't we?"

"Even if you say that, it's too late now. Dean, my brother-in-law, has
decided to inherit this baron's estate and marry me. There's no place
for Sister Claire in this house!"

"I'm sorry, Claire. I've found true love."

"Dean..."

That day, I, Claire, was banished from the Baron's household by my
sister Nora.

We used to be really close sisters, but when did she change?

Was it when our mother died when I was young?

Or when our father quickly brought a stepmother and a half-sister into
the mansion?

Or was it because our father fell ill?

Or was it when our father adopted the distant relative Dean into the
family?

I brought Dean into this household in the form of a loan to save his
struggling family business. At first, it seemed like Dean resented us,
but he calmed down after I arranged a conversation with a loan shark who
used to lend money to his family. Even though we weren’t lovers...I felt
that we had a certain understanding of each other.

I was supposed to marry Dean and inherit the baron's estate, but why did
he change his mind?

Was he seduced by the charms of the adorable Nora?

"...Goodbye, Dean, Nora."

And so, I left the house with only one bag.

My personal maid, who I was very close to, was persuaded by Nora, and in
the end she glared at me and kicked me out.

"Well, it can't be helped."

I buried my sadness deep down and immediately contacted the moneylender
to resume the collection of the debt I had stopped receiving.

Why did Dean do such a thing after I had freed him from that poor
family? I even poisoned his father and pulled strings behind the scenes
to get him here, so was his good looks the only thing he had going for
him?

Nora mocked the clothes I was wearing, but they were actually ancient
magical tools worth enough to buy several mansions. But don't worry. The
purchase of these items was made under the names of the baron's family
and Dean's family, so my pocket isn't hurting. I'm actually surprised at
how smoothly things went.

As for my future life, I’ve already moved the Baron's treasures into a
hidden storehouse that I own, and for some reason the real estate
contract for the mansion is also in my bag, so I’ll sell it later.

Let's change our mindset. My place isn't just that house.

I've been secretly working as an adventurer. 'Adventurer' is an
unfamiliar term in this continent, but in this country... a few years
ago the ruler changed, and the name changed to Yurushial? No, I think it
was the Holy Yuruyuru Church Country? It changed to a stupid-sounding
name, and the Queen created this system.

Come to think of it, I bought this magical robe because I thought I
would need it to be an adventurer.

I'm in a very strong adventurer party, and its leader, Simon, and I were
in a relationship...or maybe I wouldn't call it that...but we did have
some feelings for each other.

That party will be my home from now on.

However...

"Claire, you need to leave this party."

"Simon!?"

That day I found myself expelled from the party with which I had shared
so much joy and sorrow.

Next to Simon, a thief girl who said she was childhood friends with him
was looking at me with a triumphant expression, her arm around him.

"Izaira... why? Weren't we doing well?"

"Why, you ask? Claire, things have certainly been going well since you
joined. But there's something strange about your support magic!"

It's true that I've been supporting their battles using magic and
special techniques. Thanks to that, I think, we were able to succeed in
many adventures and earn a lot of money.

I was the one who was doing all the negotiating with nobles,
replenishing their equipment, and selling materials, which were things
they weren't good at, so wouldn't they be in trouble if I was gone?

"I'm grateful for your dedication. But some people think that having you
around, who can't fight, is reducing our share. More than that, I think
we have an adventure that is more appropriate for us. I don't want to be
a hero. Izaira, she made me realize that."

"Oh, Simon."

Simon and Izaira looked at each other, and he put his arm around her
shoulder.

"...That's true,, perhaps I was too hasty."

"That’s right, Claire. I'll support Simon from now on. You don't belong
in this party anymore!"

"I'm sorry, Claire. I've found true love."

"Simon..."

Was it because I worked too hard?

I just wanted him to be happy...

"...Goodbye, Simon, Izaira."

And so, I returned the wand I had acquired on my adventures to them and
left the party.

My former comrades, who had laughed with me, watched silently, and did
not defend me, even with a glare.

I had managed to get them out of a failing party, but I suppressed my
sadness and contacted the dark guild.

The doping agent I had been giving them was highly addictive, and severe
withdrawal symptoms would appear in about ten days.

Only the illegal dark guild sells it. I'll tell the guild about their
assets so they can squeeze them dry.

I'm also glad I got rid of that wand. It was a cursed wand that couldn't
be sold, and while it was good at magic, it was said to bring misfortune
to the family as long as the person who held it was alive.

It was essentially harmless to me, but just having it is a crime.

Oh, and I did get my severance pay, you know?

If I were to sell all of the materials at once, the value would drop, so
I'm keeping the ones that can be sold at a high price in my warehouse
until the right time to sell them, and if I do sell them I'll probably
make a fortune.

Oh... I forgot to mention that their equipment still has an outstanding
loan on it.

Let's change our mindset. My place isn't just that party.

Because I like interacting with people, I've been working as a waitress
as a hobby.

At a simple cafe on the outskirts of the capital, the menu I came up
with is very popular.

Apparently, this cafe was also an idea of the Queen. What a strange
woman.

The owner, Oscar, is still young at thirty, but he lost his wife early
and runs the shop with his young daughter. He's a well-liked man in the
neighborhood, and while we're not lovers, we do have a certain amount of
feelings for each other.

From now on, the two of them will become my family, and this will be my
home.

However...

"Claire...can you please not come to this store anymore?"

"No way... Why, Oscar?!"

That day, I was expelled from the cafe I had built up with him.

At his feet, Oscar's daughter, now seven years old, was clinging to him
and glaring up at me.

"Colette, why? We were good friends, weren't we?"

"Because of Claire, a lot of customers came. But the regular customers
stopped coming, and weird people started coming!"

My menu was popular, but that alone didn't increase the number of
customers.

I went to areas with a lot of foot traffic, spread the word about the
store, and was successful in attracting a lot of customers.

"It may be scary for Colette if there are a lot of strangers, but
they're all good people if you talk to them."

"That's not true... they're weird."

"Claire... I don't want to badmouth the customers, but something is
strange about them. Colette has been scared since you came. I'm sorry,
but please don't come here."

"This is Dad and my shop! It's not Claire's place!"

"Oscar... Colette"

"I'm sorry, Claire."

Maybe from Colette's point of view, I seemed to be taking away her
mother's place, because I wanted to protect the shop for the two of
them... for her deceased mother.

"...Goodbye, Oscar, Colette."

I handed them the spices I had prepared and left the cafe.

The few remaining regulars who saw this were glaring at me and throwing
salt at me. Did I really do something that bad?

It can't be helped. When I returned to the city center, I wrote the word
"unrestricted" on a specific bulletin board, and a specific man who
noticed it rushed out with his eyes lit up.

Since there's such a beautiful young girl like Colette, there's no
reason not to use her. I spread a portrait of her to men with such
tastes, bringing a large number of men to the shop.

However, if Colette was approached indiscriminately, she would be
scared. I made a rule that they had to stay silent and just watch over
her, but as the number of people increased, it started to look
suspicious, and Colette became frightened.

Well, it was just the right timing. It was becoming difficult for me to
control the situation, so I was considering selling her to be alone with
Oscar.

Within a few hours of seeing the word "unrestricted," many men with
desires would gather.

The spices I gave them last were just ordinary spices with a little bit
of an addictive quality. They're just stimulants, so they're bad for the
heart, and the elderly regulars might have gotten sick.

When those spices run out, the addicts might riot, but it's a trade-off
for the gratitude for boosting the shop so much.

Until now, I've been holding back, but as a severance pay, I'll sell
information to nobles who have that kind of hobby.

"Oh dear, this is troublesome."

Though I wasn’t short on money, I’ve finally lost my place to stay.

I looked up and saw a castle. With nowhere else to go, I hid my sadness
and headed toward it.

Just then, was it perhaps a ceremony? There were many people, and I
could see the golden Queen waving from the terrace of the castle, along
with a handsome man with dark skin.

Next time... let's try being a castle maid.

I have a special "ability."

In this country, there have been people with special powers drawn out by
the Queen, and one day I had a dream of a shining golden goddess who
bestowed those powers upon me.

Before that, nothing I did ever went well, but from the moment I gained
that power, everything I did succeeded, and I was able to get along with
many men.

In this country, the Queen is worshiped as a goddess, but is that golden
goddess as dazzlingly beautiful as she seems?

If she's the Queen's consort, it's no wonder the man next to her is so
wonderful.

This time, I won't make a mistake. I'll use all the power I've gained to
make the man next to the Queen mine.

I can do it. With that thought, I used my power on him, and he turned to
me... and then my vision went dark...

I fell into an eternal darkness.

\*\*\*

"What happened? Rinne?"

"No... Yurushia. Do you remember the woman you gave power to earlier?
The one with brown hair and an ordinary face. She died the moment she
saw me."

"Ah..."

So something happened after all. With those characteristics, if it's a
special skill that Rinne remembers, it must be the girl I gave the
"serves you right" skill to.

No, I'm not kidding.

Fannie reported to me that there was a girl whose jealousy and
possessiveness was so intense that no matter what she did, it just
didn't work out, and that she would be a great treat to raise...no, it
was a pity, so I tried to help her find a way out of her predicament,
and she developed a strange skill in the process.

With that skill, things always worked out in her favor, almost as if she
were setting people up for a 'serves you right' moment. I thought she
could have been happy if she could just control her possessiveness, but
I guess she got carried away with all the 'serves you right' moments.

It bends the laws of causality and the price you pay is your lifespan,
so if she tried to lay a hand on Rinne, her lifespan would disappear in
an instant!

Oh, that's right.

"Fannie, Can you collect the soul of that girl?"

"Yes! Make her a demon?"

"I thought that might be interesting, since it's rare... but never mind.
Just process her into a snack."

"Got it!"

On the way back to the castle after the ceremony, when I gave that
order, Fannie replied energetically and disappeared in an instant.

"...Are you in a bad mood?"

"Yes..."

Maybe I was upset, because Rinne touched me.

When I nodded slightly in affirmation, the tall Rinne wrapped his arms
around my shoulders from behind.

"Don't worry. I'm yours."

"Yes. Even if the world ends, I won't let you go."

It's the opposite of when we first came into this world. I smiled wryly
and reached out to touch his face, but Rinne dodged it and pressed his
lips to my hair.

Even so...

"It's hard to be both a demon and a goddess after all."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0029.md)

