[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0024.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0026.md)



# Side Story 2: Class Summoning - Transfer to Another World

Everyone, how have you been? Are you doing well today? Are you all
diligently accumulating 'karma' and growing deliciously strong?

I'm Yurushia, the beloved evil god who aims to be liked by everyone.

One day, while casually looking up at the sky, I sensed the presence of
people from 'that world' being summoned to some other dimension.

Not again. Are the inhabitants of that world cursed?

Well, even so, that world is one of my homelands, and it would be bad
karma to find them and then abandon them.

So, since my work was a pain...I mean, since I had a moment to spare, I
decided to kill some time by going and rescuing those who had been
summoned in order to save them.

Speaking of which, I only found out recently, but did you know that
there are actually a surprising number of worlds that have skill
systems?

Oh, you don't know about skills? Well, it's like those techniques you
use daily, but once you learn them properly, you can perform them more
consistently.

Apparently, the magical energy that fills the world influences this, and
when you use a technique to a certain level, it gets 'burned' into your
soul, and that's how you get a skill.

The world I'm currently heading to is one of those worlds.

However, instead of normal skills, everyone gets a special ability
called a \[Gift\]. Since everyone gets one, it's called 'a gift from the
gods' in that world.

But most of these powers are pretty useless. The goal seems to be to
invite people from ‘that world’ who are still full of chuunibyou  even
as adults, hope they get useful skills, and have them fight.

But that's not good.

There are ten people being summoned this time, and they'll probably get
skills like 'hero,' 'saint,' 'great mage,' or something equally
ridiculous. But of course, there will be one person whose chuunibyou is
so severe that it will be too late to cure him, and he will receive an
incomprehensible skill, and he will surely be ridiculed, bullied,
banished from the castle, or assassinated. (Prophecy of the Evil God)

That's sad. Bullying is no good.

So I thought I would guide them so they don't get weird and wacky
skills.

I skipped through dimensions and grabbed the ten people who were in the
middle of being summoned.

The location is, um... within my own space. But since there's no light
or air, I'll summon a high-ranking demon who can keep a secret and have
him bring some air in a 45-liter transparent garbage bag.

As for light... oh well, I'll just shine brightly.

In a haphazard white space that looked like a school festival stage, the
ten people who had fainted...high school students?, woke up and looked
around the dry ice-filled, pure white space with puzzled... or perhaps
frightened expressions.

By the way, what appears to be pure white is actually a piece of plywood
painted white; behind it are a thousand demons, the kind of demons that
would cause disaster if unleashed on the earth and be worshiped as local
deities, supporting it while munching on the dried squid I gave them as
a reward.

"...Where am I?"

"We were at our school festival after-party..."

"Yeah, why are we here!?"

"...I have cram school tonight."

"I have a part-time job too..."

"Now isn’t the time for that!"

From what I could see, six of them were noisy, and four were calmly
trying to assess the situation. Well, I was able to roughly grasp the
situation. It would be bad if they started to explore the area, so I'll
make my move.

Today's outfit is a white dress with golden wings and a lot of golden
light. I floated down into the white space in my beloved angel outfit,
and they all greeted me with surprised faces.

"Welcome, young people from another world. You are now being summoned to
a world different from your own."

When I used a line that I felt like I had read somewhere, several
students' eyes lit up as if they had been waiting to hear it.

"I-is this a summoning to another world!?"

"Are you a goddess!?"

"How many cheat abilities can I get!?"

You guys are getting all worked up. Calm down.

"What is that, another world?"

"Isn't this kidnapping? What's going on?"

"I want to go home soon"

You're all so noisy.

"You may call me whatever you like.It is the people of that world who
have summoned you. You are destined to fight something there. In that
world, you will be given a powerful \[Gift\] based on your desires."

"Eh, just one?"

"That's so stingy..."

"You're a goddess, right? Give me some more."

I told you guys to stop being so greedy.

"We can't go back home...?"

Hearing the small, plain girl murmur that with teary eyes, I smiled
gently.

"I don't know about that, but I'll help you a little bit to survive in
that world."

By forcibly pumping magic into their bodies, I messed with their
internal time, and started one-on-one consultations to give each of them
a \[Gift\] using the laws of that world.

So let's start with the first one.

**\[Boy A: Soccer Club\]**

"I want super strength! Like, I want to run 100 meters in 5 seconds and
take down an elephant in one kick!"

"Hmm... Well, you can't have that much power right from the start. If
you want a growth-type gift, it might take twenty years... or maybe ten
if you work hard..."

"What?! You're a goddess, right? Just do it quickly!"

... This guy. Well, there is a non-growth-type leg strength enhancement
gift. The problem is, it consumes your lifespan while you're
accelerating, but if you use it normally then it’s probably fine.

However, since he asked me to "do it quickly", I increased the lifespan
consumption tenfold and doubled the power.

**Boy A's \[Gift\]: \[Shortness of Breath (Idaten)\]**

**\[Boy B: Going-Home Club\]**

"Goddess, I want to be immortal. If I'm immortal, I can eventually
defeat any enemy in the end, right?"

"That's beyond the limits of a living being. It would put quite a strain
on your body..."

"I said it was okay. I won't complain so just do it."

Okay, okay. But, as expected, an immortality \[Gift\] isn’t there.

I'll give you one of my gifts instead. How about this seaweed? If you
eat it, your bones, organs, and even your brain will turn into 'seaweed'
in a few years, and you will gain immortality in the sea.

**Boy B's \[Gift\]: \[Drifter (Real Seaweed)\]**

**\[Girl C: Gyaru\]**

"You know, I hate being lazy. It would be easier if I could just
teleport back to my home, so let's do that."

"There is a teleportation-type \[Gift\]. However, it's limited to a few
hundred meters."

"Ugh, that's useless. Goddess, do something about it. We're friends,
right? You're a goddess, so take responsibility!"

"Ahaha"

I'll eat your guts alive, human.

Even so, I stopped myself at the last minute and calculated it with my
calculator. Well, I guess it'll work somehow.

If they really were to transport between worlds, a single human's power
alone would likely destroy their soul in one go, so I’ll use a  "secret
technique".

It'll probably contaminate your soul every time you use it, and
eventually, you'll fall into the \[Abyss\], but for a price like that,
you can probably see a hallucination of 'returning to your original
world and living a peaceful life'.

I don't recommend it, but if that's what she wants, then there's nothing
I can do.

**Girl C's \[Gift\]: \[Interstellar Travel (Happy Dream)\]**

**\[Boy D: Student Council Member\]**

"Please make this mobile device usable in the local area. With an
infinite battery and a search function."

"This one, huh..."

It's a cliche I feel like I've heard somewhere before.

Well, that much isn't so difficult even for a novice evil god like me.

I can just make the battery consume the user's life force, and I can
embed a gremlin inside for the search function.

The problem is, if you use it too much, you'll die, and you can't ask it
anything  other than what the gremlin knows, and since it's a "lifetime
contract" with a low-level demon, the price is, of course, the user's
soul after death.

Other gods probably do something similar, even if they use demons or
spirits instead.

**Boy D's \[Gift\]: \[Smartphone Addiction (Chronic Poisoning)\]**

**\[Girl E: Wind Orchestra\]**

“Please let me use all the magic.”

“With that \[Gift\], I mean…”

“And please let me create new magic.”

“Eh…”

“Also, I also want to be able to use weapons and have physical abilities
that are several times stronger.”

“Wait, hold on a second…”

“And please make my MP unlimited.”

“…………”

I said there is only one blessing, right?

That aside, all those requests are incredibly overpowered cheats. It’s
not impossible if I divide my power, but there’s no benefit for me to do
that.

**Girl E’s \[Gift\]: \[Overwhelming Power (Underestimating one’s own
strength)\]**

They’re all the same kind of people.

Especially the 'isekai transfer' type? Those who loved reading that kind
of genre either thought they could do whatever they wanted if they asked
a god, or they tried to trick a kind god who would give them a gift.

Fine, fine. I'll grant everyone's wishes.

However, depending on the request, the \[Gift\] might disappear in as
little as a year, or as long as five years, but that's not my fault.

Even so, for the rest (especially the unlimited magic power), I made it
consume their lifespan, but if they use it with restraint, they should
be able to live until they’re twenty.

And the last girl...

**\[Girl J: Literature Girl\]**

"Um, goddess..."

"Yes?"

The girl, who looked like she was about to cry because she couldn't go
home, looked straight into my eyes and said with determination:

"Goddess... you're not really a 'god,' are you?"

＊＊＊

"So, how did it turn out?"

"Yes, my lord, I have a report."

A few years from that day, a girl who had become one of my maids, an \[
Arch Demon \], told me about the country that had summoned those kids
from that world and their fate.

"Everyone was amazing compared to those who had been summoned before, so
they were called heroes and brave warriors, and some even became new
kings. But a few years later, they died suddenly, or their gifts
disappeared and they were assassinated, causing great chaos."

"... That must have been terrible."

"Yes. All the survivors died, and the summoning country was destroyed.
These are the souls of all the upper echelons of that summoning country.
Please accept them, my master."

The last one, that quiet literary girl, wished for the power to 'take
revenge' on them.

She said she was about to cry because she couldn't go home because she
didn't want to return to an environment where she couldn't kill the
people who had tormented her.

So I gave her the power of revenge.

The reward for that "contract" was the souls of the upper echelons of
that country who kidnapped people from other worlds, her own
"everything", and her "eternal loyalty" to me.

In those few years, she devoured the souls of everyone she had sworn
revenge on, evolved into an \[Arch Demon\], and appeared before me as
promised.

"Well then, nice to meet you."

"Yes, my lady, I will serve you faithfully and eternally from now on."

Her smile was vibrant and wicked, different from the last time I saw
her, so I smiled and nodded, then sighed lightly.

...Being a god is tough.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0024.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0026.md)

