[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0005.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0007.md)



# Chapter 6: Madness' Lament (4)

The town, located in the eastern part of the Sylber Kingdom, was
surrounded by a sturdy wall due to the policy of the Viscount, the local
lord. It was renowned as the safest place in the region.

Blessed with the bounty of nature thanks to its tropical location, the
forests were full of fruits, and the seas teemed with fish. Even without
these, the farms and ranches were fortified, ensuring that hunger was
unknown in this safe town where crime was virtually nonexistent, and the
people wore smiles on their faces.

The Viscount, the lord of the manor, enjoyed walking through such a
town. Though approaching sixty and aware of his aging body, he, like his
father and grandfather before him, had always wished for the safety of
his people. This wish had finally come true in his generation, and
seeing the smiling faces of the people as he walked through the town was
his greatest joy.

Accompanied only by a minimal number of attendants, the Viscount was
greeted by the smiles of the people.

Although he was not leading an exceedingly wealthy life as a noble, his
son, the next Viscount, understood his father's thoughts and had vowed
to protect this town.

It was about time he retired and handed over the reins to his son.
Perhaps it was time for him to enjoy the simple pleasures of life, such
as drinking fruit wine made from the fruits of the orchard near his
villa and occasionally playing with his grandchildren. With such dreams
in mind, the Viscount walked through the town when a woman from a street
stall offered him a few oranges.

The Viscount thought to himself that it was all thanks to the Queen, the
goddess of this country, that such a scene could be taken for granted.

In reality, to maintain such a level of protection, it was necessary to
significantly increase taxes. While this would ensure the safety of the
people, it would also make the lives of the citizens more difficult.

And there was a limit to the population that could live within the
walls, so peace was always maintained on a precarious balance.

However, the Queen had taken in the elderly, the sick, orphans, and
impoverished mothers and children who could no longer work in this town,
and had provided them with "useful work" at the "experimental facility"
under her jurisdiction, free of charge.

He didn't know exactly what happened to those people, as they were said
to have gone far away, but the Viscount had been sending his people to
the "experimental facility" every month, even recruiting volunteers in
order to maintain his current way of life.

He thought that his current life was all thanks to the Queen's
protection.

As he smiled and reached for the offered oranges, a faint murmur reached
the Viscount's ears from across the street.

The flow of people walking through the street parted, and he could see a
young man dressed as a butler walking towards them.

No, since he seemed to be past adulthood, he should be called a young
man. Judging by his dignified demeanor and the way he naturally wore a
finely tailored butler's uniform, he must have been a servant of some
great noble or even a member of the royal family.

But it was his beauty that made people involuntarily give way, sighing.

His glossy, flowing brunette hair, his tall and slender yet
well-proportioned body, and the sweet smile on his handsome face made
all the women blush and sigh.

Who was he? Certainly, he was beautiful, but the men were not as
captivated by him as the women were, and they wondered why such a person
would be in this territory.

If he was a servant of a higher noble family, would his business be with
himself, the lord? As he turned towards the young man with such
thoughts, the Viscount was about to open his mouth whenâ€”

Bang!

The young butler suddenly fired a wooden tube he had taken from his
pocket.

"Wh... what...?"

The object, which consisted of a curved wooden base with a small metal
tube attached to it, was a "magic short barrel gun" that fired lead
bullets with magic, something rarely seen on this continent.

As it fired, the Viscount touched the spot where he had been hit with
the heat of a hot poker, and his hand turned crimson with his own blood.
With an incredulous expression, the Viscount fell to his knees as he
felt the heat of the wound and the coldness of his body.

"AAAAAAAHHHH!"

"Your Lordship!?"

"Y-you, what are you doing!?"

Screams rang out in response to the sudden violent act, people rushed
over, and the servants drew their swords.

Amidst the hatred and anger directed at him, the young butler's gentle
smile remained unchanged. In fact, a flower-like smile bloomed on his
face as - at last - it began.

"Uuuu... aaaa... AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!"

The Viscount, who had been shot, let out a pained groan that turned into
a scream. His skin turned a dark, sickly color, contorting like an
ape's, and he was covered in two-meter-tall, beastly fur as he tore off
his clothes. With a grotesquely distorted, horned face, he bit off the
head of the woman who had given him the fruit and chewed it up.

"A... a demon...?"

The being that had once been the Viscount was the perfect embodiment of
human terror - a \[Lesser Demon\].

As fear and astonishment gripped the people, the sound of gunfire echoed
again.

"Ugh!?"

"AAAAAAAHHHH!"

With each gunshot, the person who had been shot transformed into a
\[Lesser Demon\] and began attacking the people around them.

No one tried to stop the young butler. They couldn't. If they were going
to die, it was fine. Even if it was a stranger, it was fine to die
protecting someone. But they didn't want to become a being that would
turn into a demon and attack people.

With a cheerful smile, the young butler shot the people fleeing from the
demons with his pistol, and with each shot, more demons appeared.

People fled in terror, more afraid of losing their humanity and having
their souls blackened than of the fear of losing their lives.

The bullets fired from the pistol were demon cores.

Of course, even if they were implanted with them, humans wouldn't become
demons, but these "cores" fed on the "sins" of humans and caused the
souls of the humans they were shot into to turn into demons.

The people of this town were committing a grave sin simply by living
here, because their peace and way of life were supported by the people
who had been sent away from here and used as ingredients for chimeras.

When there were no living people left on the street, and only hundreds
of mutilated corpses and dozens of demons remained, the young butler
waved his hand lightly, ordering the demons to kill the remaining
victims.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

At that moment, the street burst into flames as if it had exploded over
a range of hundreds of meters, and the newly born \[Lesser Demons\] were
burned to ashes.

In the midst of it all, the young butler, who had lightly brushed the
soot off his shoulder, remained as he was. From the burning flames, a
beautiful woman in a maid's outfit with hair as red as flames slowly
walked towards him.

"You're going a little too far, Noah."

Etincelle, the chief aide of Sylberthal, gave a wry smile to the young
butler, Noah, who maintained his unchanging smile.

"It seems you still have a bit of sanity left, unlike the other three
who, according to reports, are going berserk."

"...Is that so? Have those three gone mad?"

Noah murmured in response to Etincelle's words. Yet, his face showed no
sign of disappointment or sadness, only a bright smile.

"Oh? You're not concerned about your companions?"

Etincelle asked, suspicious of his demeanor.

The three demons had gone mad after their master, Yurushia, disappeared,
making it impossible to recruit them.

But perhaps Noah, like a normal demon, had become a free agent after
losing his master? A demon of his caliber was rare, and if he could win
the favor of Sylberthal, he could surpass Nui and Leyon, even reaching
the ranks of Neige and herself.

"No, I am proud. Those three are truly Yurushia-sama's 'demons'."

However, Etincelle's beautiful eyebrows furrowed slightly at Noah's
reply.

"Oh, wonderful. That's how we should be. For the sake of our great
mother, the golden sun of the demon world, we must live and die only for
her smile!"

"!"

Seeing the rotten madness in Noah's eyes, Etincelle took a small step
back. Noah turned to her calmly, still with a bright, mad smile.

"Etincelle... Our desire is to offer the world to our creator, our
mother. If she is not here... then the world has no meaning, does it?"

Noah's forehead cracked open, and a mountain goat's skull emerged,
transforming into a demonic mask.

His skin turned black, twisted black goat horns appeared, his body
contorted, and his legs changed into those of a mountain goat as an
overwhelming amount of demonic energy shredded his butler's uniform into
rags.

As the surge of demonic energy extinguished the burning flames, the pain
and terror of the remaining humans in the town echoed like a roar.

"..."

Etincelle, who had been watching silently, let out a ferocious grin that
bared her pitch-black fangs.

"Noah... is that your 'true form'?"

"Yes, that's right, Etincelle. This is our true form, given to us by
Yurushia-sama, who mangled our souls. It's just not very refined, so I
haven't shown it to Yurushia-sama."

"No, it's a beautiful sight too."

Etincelle's skin turned copper red, her eyes turned pure white, and her
maid's uniform was reduced to rags by the demonic energy. The two demons
opened their jaws simultaneously and fired "explosive flames" and
"poisonous demonic energy."

The two forces collided, and the town, which had once been filled with
people's smiles, was enveloped in enormous black flames, leaving behind
only a giant crater.

Above it floated the black mountain goat demon and the copper demon.

As if summoned by the demonic energy, a large number of \[Lesser
Demons\], who had originally been humans, gathered from the surrounding
forest. Etincelle waved her arm, sweeping away the \[Lesser Demons\],
and raised one arm to the sky, creating a fireball of hellfire about ten
meters in diameter.

"Perish, Noah."

The \[Lesser Demons\] were consumed by the aftermath of the massive
fireball, and the surrounding forests that still remained ignited all at
once.

As the fireball approached, Noah spread his arms wide, and a golden
magic circle resembling a "door" appeared on his abdomen.

"Open, \[Lost Eden\]."

In that instant, "blackness" spread like ink spilled on rice paper,
centered on Noah. Countless \[Greater Demons\] emerged from it,
screaming madly. They swarmed towards the fireball, devouring
Etincelle's flames, though most of them perished in the process.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

Ten thousand maddened \[Greater Demon\] special individuals appeared one
after another, letting out the roars of beasts.

As Etincelle created multiple flames to try to contain them, Noah's
curse, the shockwave of \[Release\], extinguished the flames.

"Noah... you weren't just the guardian of that space, you were the
'door' itself."

To Etincelle's words, Noah remained silent, his face twisted in a
distorted smile. Above the forest, now devoid of living creatures, the
ferocious laughter of the demons, who had unleashed their true nature
and begun to kill each other, echoed endlessly.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0005.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0007.md)

