[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0035.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0037.md)



# Side Story 13: Living the Politically Correct Life

"Master. It seems that a certain activity is thriving in a certain
world."

"Oh..."

What a way to put it! It's not even slightly polite! Even though I
thought that, I, suddenly spoken to like this by Tina, gave a
halfhearted reply.

Because what else can I do! I'm busy with my queenly duties, but there
are a lot of weird things in the worlds I manage, a lot of weird things!

I'm sure it's just some strange world inhabitants saying strange things
and doing strange things! (Prejudice)

"So? Which world?"

"I believe it was something like 'Chitama'."

"Chitama..."

I feel like I've heard that name in some manga, but could it be a world
that I know well? I shouldn't have been lazy and left it to Onza-kun, I
should’ve asked. I'm a little interested.

"So what is the activity?"

"Apparently it's something called 'political correctness'."

"Hoho~o?"

It's the latest trend! Even in this country, people who have nothing to
do with it have been speaking out for the human rights of people who
have eaten too much wakame seaweed, turned green, and then returned to
the sea.

Of course, I am a kind queen, so I sent some seaweed to their homes as
well, so they’re all probably living happily in the sea together now.

In that case, let's go take a look.

"Then, Tina. Accompany me."

"Understood, master."

I feel like I might get scolded by my husband for the queen and her head
maid going out together, but, well, I'm sure it'll be okay because this
selfishness is nothing new. (Evil)

"We’ve arrived, in a certain world."

"Yeah, that's right."

Who are you explaining to? The travel was instantaneous with Tina's
subspace transfer, so there's nothing particularly to be moved by, and
there's nothing to say, so it's fine.

By the way, is this America? Even when I was Yuzu, my body was weak, so
I only know this country through images, but was it really like this?

"Somehow, it doesn't feel like it's man-made, does it?"

"I don't really understand."

Perhaps, it's in a big city somewhere, there are people of various
races, and the scenery has changed since I saw it in the images, but
somehow, it feels artificial.

That's fine, but where's the political correctness? Everyone seems to be
getting along?

"Then, let's ask that person."

Tina, who acted immediately on my question, performed a surprise
interview with a black man passing by.

"Yo! You're wearing strange clothes, girl!"

That cheerful man suddenly started to criticize our clothing. It can't
be helped, since it's a dress and a maid outfit.

"What do you think about political correctness?"

"You asked a good question! Look at this! These shoes, this bag, this
shirt too! I've also bought a new tent, so now I can sleep anywhere! The
bedding at home too, hahahaha! If you want to, come over to my――"

"Yes, thank you very much."

Tina grabbed the face of the man, whose eyes were bloodshot, as he
approached her and threw him into the alley to silence him.

"Really, it's thriving."

"........."

Hmm? What about political correctness? Was it a mistake to ask? Tina,
noticing my skeptical expression, next spoke to a white woman.

"My! What horrible clothes you're wearing!? Nowadays, what are you
thinking wearing silk or cotton clothes in Chitama! Look at my political
correctness! These pumps, this suit, this underwear, all my polyester――"

"Yes, thank you very much."

Tina, who grabbed the face of the woman, whose eyes suddenly became
bloodshot, and stuffed her into a trash can.

Eh? Wait a minute. Their belongings are all...

"It's a polyester collection!"

"That is correct."

So that's what political correctness is all about! Apparently, in this
world, using natural materials is bad, and collecting and using
polyester products is righteous. And is the name of this world really
"Chitama"! It's not a world I know!

Well, that's fine. There's nothing wrong with using polyester products.

However, if the trend of making natural materials evil goes too far, the
spirits will get upset, so a moderate compromise is necessary.

The fusion of nature and science...isn't that the right path?

"Then, as a kind goddess, let's guide them a little."

"That would be very wonderful."

That's why! We went to visit a polyester products factory.

"Hahahaha! I'll show you my wonderful polyester to you foolish people
who are wearing silk!"

"Yes, it's very wonderful, isn't it?" (Bikibiki) (TN: angry)

We were given permission to look around without any problems. There,
Tina secretly succeeded in scattering black particles into the raw
materials.

"Will they understand the wonder of nature with this?"

"I think they will be very happy."

And so, the polyester material that incorporated the "black particles"
turned a little green, but it has permeated the lives of the people of
Chitama.

I did a good deed!

We returned to the castle in Atra, and after a few days, Rinne, who had
been forced to work...appeared with a frown.

"Oh, what's wrong?"

"We’re getting complaints from the spirits of a certain world..."

Apparently, in a certain world, incidents have been occurring where
people wearing green clothes gradually have their skin turn green as
well, and they are returning to the sea one by one...

"They say that if this continues, all humans will become sea creatures,
Yurushia..."

Looking at Rinne, who looked at me with a strained expression, I sighed
lightly and looked far out the window.

"It was an unfortunate incident."

After that, I got a head flick from Rinne, and ended up leading a
million lower-ranking demons to exterminate them.

They seemed happy though!


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0035.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0037.md)

