[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0013.md)



# Chapter 12: What Lies Ahead

It seemed as if there was "someone" controlling the devil worshipers,
and the parchment left behind by that "someone" contained the location
of the thing Sylberthal had hidden.

Rose was muttering something like "I've already forgotten" in a
mosquito-like voice, but I had no idea what she was talking about.

"Anyway, did you find the exact location?"

"Yes. I've narrowed it down quite a bit. It seems like he did some
narrowing down himself, thinking he could use it as a bargaining chip
someday. Probably... "

Rose uses her weasel claws to draw a simple map on the ground.

"This is our current location, and this is where we first fell. And the
'magic essence spring' that we first sensed by intuition was around
here..."

"...We thought we had come quite a way, but we haven't even reached
halfway yet."

"Not only in the demon world, but also in this Abyss, it's better not to
worry too much about distance. To be honest, if I weren’t with you, Lady
Yurushia, I would have felt that the distance to get here was several
times longer with my magic power."

"Hmm..."

I didn't know that... Does magic power change the sense of distance?

Well, I guess it's like the difference in arrival time between a
propeller plane and a jet plane... I listen to the rest of Rose's story.

"If I were to guess, the area overlaps quite a bit with the place where
I thought the magic essence spring was. Around here."

"...That's a pretty wide range."

"It can't be helped. The location of the magic essence spring is also
ambiguous. But probably, they're using the magic essence spring itself
to hide something? ...No, maybe they're sealing something."

"I have a bad feeling about this."

Whatever Sylberthal sealed in the Abyss, especially in a place where the
Abyss's magic essence is concentrated, is definitely not something as
harmless as a "secret poem diary."

It might be a trump card that could make her furious, but that's not
what I'm looking for.

But if that could truly become a "trump card" against an entity that
even the Spirit King of Light and the evil gods she commands wouldn’t
find easy to handle...

"...If there's a 'magic spring' to return to the demon world, we have no
choice but to go, right?"

"That's right..."

Even if there's something there, we have no choice but to go to the
magic essence spring that leads to the demon world in order to return to
the mortal world. Since we’ve learned about it, it wouldn’t be good for
our mental health to ignore it.

From the start, there was no other option for us.

Even if I and Rose, who are now weakened, regain our original powers,
there is a clear difference in power between me and Sylberthal.

I thought that if I and Rinne joined forces, we might be able to barely
hold our own, but since Sylberthal is using the light spirit king, even
if there were a few demons around my level, I think we would have little
chance of winning.

Sigh... I wonder why I picked a fight with someone like that... I don't
show it on my face, but I sigh inwardly.

But Sylberthal wants to take away the night from the world for such a
ridiculous reason as "I like it brighter". If that happens, the
temperature will rise, plants will wither, and within a few years, the
world will become a desert and an ocean where no living creatures can
live.

My father and mother, and everyone I care about will die.

Not only that, but I will never abandon my followers who are still
fighting, or Rinne who is fighting alone against Sylberthal.

"How long has it been since we got here?"

"Honestly, I don't know. Based on my feeling since we came here, I think
it's been a few days, but in reality, just like in the demon world, only
an hour might have passed in the real world, or maybe years have
passed."

"That's not good..."

When I was in the demon world, it felt like I had been there for several
years, but when I calculated from reality, only a few months had passed.
So even though I was trying to hurry this time, I didn't have such a
sense of crisis.

Perhaps my thoughts were showing on my face, because Rose, the cynic,
gave me words of encouragement for once, which was rare for her.

"It's okay. They're unusually strong, and besides, if you wish it
strongly enough, you can even change time. Aren't you also one of the
pillars of the demon world?"

"Yeah, I'll do my best."

Because I was conscious of this, it felt like I was moving faster than
when I was just walking.

"Wait, Lady Yurushia, you're too fast!"

"Oh, sorry."

Rose, who should have been able to keep up with me at the same speed,
couldn't catch up.

I thought it was because I had unintentionally sped up my legs, but
something felt strange. What is it...? This is...

"Over there..."

"Huh? What is it?"

"I feel like there's something over there."

From beyond the horizon where only the barren wasteland of the Abyss was
visible, I felt something "calling" to me.

"...I don't know?"

Rose, who was facing that direction, looked up at me with a puzzled
expression.

"You don't see it?""

How did I start feeling that way...?

Because I got closer to my destination?

Because I became conscious of something being there?

Because I was in a hurry because of everyone waiting for me in the real
world?

I don't know the reason. It might be one of those things, or all of
them, or it might be something completely different.

But...

"Kyaah!?"

"Sorry, Rose. Let's hurry."

I grabbed Rose, who couldn't keep up with me, wrapped her around my neck
like a scarf, and stepped forward, releasing my magic power.

Zuzuzuzun...!

Up until now, I had been trying to hide my presence as much as possible,
fearing that Sylberthal might notice me.

But now that I had released my magic power, the fixed rocks and
wasteland trembled, and began to open a path for me to advance.

"What’s wrong!? What's going on!?"

Rose, wrapped around my neck, cried out in surprise.

What is it that is “calling” me?

Why is it calling me? I don't know if it's the same thing that
Sylberthal sealed away, or something completely different.

It might be a trap to destroy me. But... I had a "feeling".

Until now, I had evolved through luck, coincidence, and a never-give-up
spirit, and I had supplemented that with knowledge from Rinne and the
demon who claimed to be my brother, but in this Abyss where that
connection was severed, I felt my innate demon senses strongly as if I
were being "called" to "go".

As I continued forward, trusting that feeling, Rose, who couldn't sense
it before, also began to notice the strange changes in her surroundings.

"...Is it getting darker?"

"Yes..."

In the demon world and the Abyss, where there is neither light nor
darkness and the power of spirits cannot reach, all the sights we see
are illusions, mere images accumulated over an incredibly long time.

And yet, as we continued forward, the surroundings grew darker. Just as
night silently creeps into a moonless forest, I felt an inexplicable
sense of unease in the darkness that was gradually enveloping only my
surroundings. As I patted Rose's head to comfort her, we came upon a
gigantic rock wall that towered into the darkness.

"...Is this a dead end?"

"No..."

"Lady Yurushia, look at that!?"

Rose pointed out some tiny particles of light were stuck to my
fingertip.

"This is..."

I recognize this magic power... no, this "spirit power".

It was the remnant of the light spirit king, \[Yaomatobi\], whom
Sylberthal had summoned and sent to finish me off at the end of our
battle.

Did that being lead me here? Or did something here call me, who
possessed this remnant?

I rubbed the remnant of light against the rock wall. And then...

Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!

A sound like a tuning fork's shriek vibrated my eardrums, and the
surrounding scenery shattered like a cracked mirror, and complete
darkness took over.

There was nothing... I could see nothing. But... something was there.

A presence that was overwhelming, without a trace or form...

At that moment, I understood the true nature of that existence.

Light and darkness. Because there is light, there is darkness, and
because there is darkness, we can recognize light.

Front and back. Two sides of the same coin. They are identical yet
different, existing simultaneously. The being that governs the night of
the world, the opposite of the \[Light Spirit King\] who governs the day
of the world...

"...The \[Dark Spirit King\]..."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0013.md)

