[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0017.md)



# Chapter 16: Clown

A “nightmare” was spreading from the northeast of the Sylberthal Holy
Kingdom. People trapped in this nightmare turned into rioting mobs,
killing their neighbors, and who were now approaching the kingdom's
capital.

It would have been unfortunate enough if everyone had fallen prey to the
nightmare. However, the tragedy intensified due to the cruelty of the
demons; a certain percentage of people remained sane amidst the chaos.

Families attacked each other, driven to violence by the nightmare.

In a place ruled by fear, despair, rage, sorrow, and madness, only the
tattered mask of a demonic jester could be seen laughing and rattling in
the air, as if devouring the despair.

Suddenly—

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
 

A deafening roar echoed, and a black mist erupted from the ground,
engulfing the people. Those caught in the mist let out terrified screams
of agony, and when the mist cleared, nothing remained.

"Well, well, I've been looking for you, Fannie."

A young maid with dark skin, who had appeared out of nowhere, smiled
lightly at Fannie, who had become the embodiment of a nightmare.

Nui, the "King of Black Insects," was one of Sylberthal's high-ranking
subordinates. Her abilities were related to insects, and the black mist
she had just created was composed of countless tiny, carnivorous bugs.

Each one was less than 1mm in size, with sharp fangs and a hard shell,
but at the same time it was a member of Nui's family, it was also a part
of her body.

The humans present had been completely devoured by these insects,
leaving not a single bone.

Like Leyon, Nui recognized Fannie, who had a similar "way of being" as a
demon, as her enemy. Seeing Fannie transformed into the embodiment of
the nightmare, Nui revealed her true form, covering her entire body in
black insects and spewing out corrosive energy that twisted the land as
she laughed maniacally.

"Let's settle this, Fannie...?"

Nui muttered as she tilted her head curiously… no, in annoyance. Her
dark eyes narrowed as she glared at Fannie, who was floating in the air,
radiating a thick aura of anger.

"...Who are you?"

At the question, Fannie's body shook slightly, and a crack appeared in
the clown's mask, and Fannie's voice leaked out just as before.

"...Did you realize it? I’m not Fannie."

It was the same voice, the same tone, but something felt different.

"Is that the soul Fannie devoured?"

"Well, yeah. They devoured a part of me, but they decided they didn't
need it all, so I just popped out, see?"

This consciousness was the remnant of Fantine, the sacrifice who had
been devoured and merged with Fannie.

Fannie's true nature was a combination of the original demon Fannie and
Fantine, a psychopathic "greed". Having lost the master to whom she gave
everything in the world, this gave the source of her greed, Fantine's
consciousness, the opportunity to "go outside."

Fannie was a cruel and merciless demon, but there was no "sin" in her
existence. Fantine, on the other hand, was undeniably human but her true
nature was stained with “sin”, repeatedly committing evil without even
realizing it.

Though similar, they were fundamentally different. That was why they
hadn't completely merged.

"So, you're going to fight in Fannie’s place?"

"Eh, no way. The world is mine, isn't it? Why should I fight?"

"...I see"

With this short conversation, Nui came to understand Fantine. Having
existed for a long time, Nui had encountered many humans like this
before, though not frequently.

They were different from ordinary humans and also from those who
summoned demons. Humans are inherently greedy and their desires are
boundless. Among them, those who couldn't control their desires
committed sins and were considered evil. Even such people understood
that they were "sinful."

It is this sense of guilt and desire that leads to contracts between
demons and humans, but very rarely there are people like Fantine who are
greedy yet have no sense of guilt.

If such a being, who was too troublesome for even a demon to make a
contract with, were to obtain power equal to a demon, what kind of
actions would they take? It was certain that such a person would bring
about the destruction of the world without even caring about their own
demise.

"......"

Nui decided to eliminate Fantine not because she was an "enemy," but
because she was a "poisonous insect" that had infiltrated Sylberthal's
garden. As Nui began to concentrate her magic—

Thrum, thrum, thrum...

"!?"

"…………"

Sensing an immense evil magical power from afar, not only Nui but even
Fantine, who had already lost interest in the conversation, both turned
in a certain direction at the same time.

"What is that?"

“...”

Ignoring Fantine's mutterings, Nui focused her attention on the magic.

It was clearly demonic, but its power exceeded that of a minor god. Yet,
that was impossible. If a demon surpassed the level of a minor god, it
would be classified as a "Demon Lord."

Currently, there were only six \[Demon Lords\], three \[Demon Beasts\],
and two \[Demon Gods\] at the highest level.

The Demon Beast and Demon God closest to this dimension were Rinne and
Yurushia. Yurushia had been defeated by Sylberthal, and Rinne was
currently battling Sylberthal.

The other Demon Lords were in the demon world and couldn't easily come
here. So, had Neige or Etincelle, who were already stronger than
ordinary Arch Demons, evolved? But what kind of situation would lead to
their evolution?

Nui was about to delve deeper into this thought when a scream
interrupted her.

"Wh-what, no way!"

Fannie's cracked clown mask fell off in pieces, revealing the bloody
face of a young child, spraying blood everywhere.

"No, I just came out!"

When Nui turned around, not realizing that this was the face of Fantine
from when she was sacrificed, the remaining pieces of the mask
approached her like fangs and crushed her face, which was looking at Nui
in fear and pleading for help.

\*

――――Plop.

A single drop of water fell onto a completely white, empty space,
creating ripples.

There, two shadows faced each other. One was a young girl of about
seven—Fantine. The other is Fannie, who has grown to about 14 years old.

Despite the difference in age, their faces are identical. However, while
the seven-year-old Fantine was biting her lower lip and glaring at her
with her eyes cast down, Fannie was no longer her usual cheerful self,
but instead looked down on her coldly and with disdain.

"What's wrong with that? You've been doing whatever you wanted for so
long! I want to do whatever I want too!"

"Sure, sure. You could have told me anytime, and we could have played
together."

"Then..."

Before Fantine could continue, Fannie cut her off, grabbed her head, and
twisted it.

"Tina still hasn't given up. If I give up, she'll be angry. And
besides..."

Cracks appeared all over Fannie's face as she grinned wickedly,
revealing sharp, black teeth.

"No matter what happens to Yurushia, the world will always belong to
her. So give it to me... the unfathomable desires of humanity... I will
become stronger for Lady Yurushia’s sake. So give it to me. All of the
'humanity' that you possess..."

"Hiii..."

\*

With a thud, Fannie's floating body fell to the ground.

"Ugh... grr..."

Nui was distracted by the sound of Fantine's muffled screams fading into
the sound of bone-shattering chewing, when she suddenly felt a magical
force behind her and froze.

"......"

There was “something” there.

The powerful presence of the high-ranking demon she had felt earlier had
disappeared, replaced by an equally immense pressure behind her.

The magic she felt up close was not that of Etincelle or Neige. Nui
instantly realized that this presence was her "enemy."

A pressure like a spear pierced her back, threatening to kill her if she
moved. Was it one of the Demon Lords who had come from another
dimension? Even so, as a servant of Sylberthal, the oldest Demon Lord in
the demon world, Nui couldn't afford to go down without a fight.

"Gaaah!"

Roaring, Nui unleashed all her insects and turned, striking out with a
full-powered punch.

"What?!"

There was nothing there. Yet, a voice, similar to one she had heard
somewhere, echoed quietly, as if seeping into her bones.

"Do you think you have time to be distracted when you’re with me?"

She couldn't see the being, but she understood the words. Before she
could react, a massive jaw clamped down on half of Nui's body.

"Ah ...!?"

Nui screamed out in pain, feeling a strange agony in a body that
shouldn’t feel pain.

Rolling away on her remaining head and right side, Nui's eyes met a
bloated, balloon-like clown head bouncing in the air.

Like a poorly made live-action anime, the pierrot chewed on Nui's
mangled body and licked its lips.

Behind her was an unidentified high-ranking demon. In front of her was
the incomprehensible face of a clown.

In front of the confused Nui, the clown let out a small, "kepu," and
grinned, and an immense amount of magical power rose up from within it,
causing the clown's head to swell up like a balloon, then burst open
like in a manga, giving birth to a young girl.

She had long, silver hair that swayed beneath her chin.

The left side of her face was covered in a porcelain-like jester's mask,
and her body covered in a  costume that looked like a Halloween pumpkin
with balloons blown up in various places. She was playing with her
witch's hat with her fingers and smiling lightly with the exposed right
half of her face.

"Fannie..."

It was indeed Fannie. Fantine, who had previously emerged, had been
devoured by Fannie once again.

Despite her playful appearance, her evil magic was warping space,
eroding Nui's very existence.

The King of Nightmares had manifested in the mortal world.

A high-ranking demon. A god of the demon world. A Demon Lord.

What had happened? How had this happened? Although she were a
high-ranking demon, she was newly evolved and her power couldn't compare
to Sylberthal's, let alone Yurushia, who had been defeated by her.

However, with all demons, their souls shrink when faced with beings of a
higher rank. It's not a matter of whether they can win a fight, but
rather, they don't even want to fight. It was unusual for the demons
under Yurushia, who had continued to fight despite losing their master.

And Nui was terrified of Fannie, who had once been her equal.

"... gulp."

When Fannie smiled at her like a child, Nui—one of the strongest aides
in Sylberthal’s army—was instantly devoured by Fannie's bloated mask,
disappearing as a demon without falling into the abyss.

\*

"Fannie, that outfit is quite indecent."

"Ehehe."

Fannie smiled bashfully at Tina, who had suddenly appeared.

It was no coincidence that Tina appeared and that Fannie evolved. When
Fannie realized that Tina hadn't given up, and when Fannie regained her
sanity, she called out to Tina, prompting her evolution.

Even so, they both understood deep down.

Yurushia hadn't perished. On the contrary, she had returned with even
greater power. The evolution of their master had triggered the evolution
of her direct subordinates.

"Well then, let's go to those twins. If we call out to them, they'll
immediately notice our master's revival."

"Tina, your speech is so stiff."

"Of course. I'm going to serve our master as the head maid."

The self-proclaimed head maid puffed out her chest proudly in response
to the jester's teasing.

"Hmm..."

Fannie replied without any real interest.

"I think they've noticed already."

The two turned towards a distant point and suddenly a violent storm
erupted, blowing away the clouds in the sky.

From that direction, where the storm raged on, a powerful magic, equal
to that of the two of them, was detected.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0017.md)

