[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0006.md)



# Chapter 5: Madness' Lament (3)

The town of Sable, located in the northeast of the Sylber Kingdom’s
capital, was one day beset by a 'nightmare'.

Of the approximately 6,000 residents of Sable, over ninety percent who
had fallen asleep found themselves in a dark, deserted town, surrounded
only by goblins and kobolds. Believing this to be reality, they began to
fight wildly with knives and hatchets in a desperate attempt to defend
themselves.

But it was, in fact, 'reality'.

The sleeping residents rose like sleepwalkers, mistaking everyone else
for monsters and killing each other in their unending dream.

Those fortunate enough—or perhaps unfortunate—to have been awake were
unable to harm their friends and family who were swinging blades, and
collapsed in despair. Only a few survivors—mostly night watchmen and the
lord who possessed a charm of mental resistance—managed to escape by
sheer luck.

But this was merely the beginning of the 'nightmare' yet to come.

"...What was that?"

In the Sylber Kingdom, nights were exceptionally short and never
completely dark. But on this night, the dimly lit sky had turned as
black as a swirling fog, and the hoped-for dawn that should have come
soon was nowhere to be seen. Darkness held sway, preventing the end of
the nightmare.

Beyond this point lay a village ruled by a baron who was a vassal of
Baron Mole, and a town ruled by a viscount. As Baron Mole and his
soldiers traveled along the roadside to reach these places, they
witnessed a 'jester's mask' floating in the dark sky.

How to describe it...?

Its entire body was pitch black, as if cut out of the darkness. A
ragged, tattered cloth fluttered like a phantom bird, scattering a
thick, dark miasma and resentment. A pure white, hard mask wept bloody
tears as it laughed.

"‘…...’"

Just looking from a distance made their bodies go cold, and their souls,
exposed to a fundamental threat, trembled uncontrollably. Someone
muttered, "—A demon—".

If it was a demon, it must have been a very high-ranking one, no, a
demon of the highest order.

The jester demon remained motionless, floating in the dark night sky.
The demon was directly above the crossroads ahead, and they couldn't
reach the other towns without passing through.

Could they pass through quietly...?

No. They didn't want to get near it. They would rather run through a
wolf's den than pass near it. But then—

"My lord Baron! From behind!"

"What is it?"

Turning around at the faint sound of countless things being dragged from
behind, they saw a horde of blood-stained people armed with weapons,
rushing towards them like a mob from the direction of the town they had
fled from.

The reason they hadn't noticed it immediately was that no one had made a
sound. Stunned by the sudden event, some of the mob noticed the barons
and started running, and the rest followed suit.

"Ugh!"

"R-run..."

Trapped between the front and back, the barons, overwhelmed by the
terror of the numerous madmen approaching from behind more than the
motionless threat of the demon before them, ran towards the hope of the
human town ahead.

The demon didn't move. Even so, as they passed beneath the floating
demon, their faces twisted in fear, and cold sweat poured from their
entire bodies. Nevertheless, they desperately moved their legs and when
they finally passed the demon, everyone there, despite the
still-approaching threat from behind, couldn't help but smile.

However, there was no hope there.

"Ah! That's..."

Beyond the crossroads, on the road leading to the viscount's town and
the baron's village, they saw many figures. Had they sent reinforcements
after noticing something amiss in the town? As the barons turned towards
them, what met their eyes was a horde of the undead, covered in blood,
with fatal wounds, yet still trapped in the nightmare, unable to even
die.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"

As the barons were swallowed up by the human waves from three sides,
accompanied by the sound of flesh being crushed and the cessation of
dying screams, the nightmare-ridden humans began to move in search of
new victims–

Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble!

Suddenly, the earth shattered, and rocks, earth, and torn flesh flew up
into the air. Two giant centipedes, each about a meter wide and hundreds
of meters long, appeared, mowing down the humans like weeds. As the
centipedes were sucked back into something, time seemed to rewind, and
two childlike figures appeared in the swirling blood and smoke.

"Hey, Apollo. Is that the one Lady Nui was talking about?"

"Yeah, Depol. That's the Fannie that Lady Nui was talking about."

Two boys, about ten years old, with flowing silver hair.

Dressed identically as nobles, with identical hairstyles and lovely
faces, their smiles remained unchanged amidst the torn human flesh.

The two demons, subordinates of Nui, the 'King of Black Insects' under
the Sylberthal banner, pouted boringly at Fannie, who was floating
motionless in the air.

"Hey, Apollo. Aren't you going to report to Lady Nui? We have to tell
her when we find Fannie, right?"

"Yeah, Depol. But it's not moving, is it? Maybe we can play with it?"

"Hey, Apollo."

"Yeah, Depol."

"Let's torture it and play with it, just the two of us."

Demons have no parents or siblings. But if they are created by a being
and recognized as 'father' or 'mother', and if they are designated as
'twins', it becomes the truth for the demon.

The two were created by Nui and were not \[Arch Demons\] but Quasi-Arch
Demons of a similar level. Although their power was not as great as that
of an Arch Demon, it was powerful, and with their coordinated attacks,
they could even defeat a regular Arch Demon.

Even so, if the opponent was an Arch Demon like Fannie, even the two of
them would not be safe, but because they were created by Nui, they had a
playful habit of misinterpreting orders and toying with their victims to
death.

The four maid demons, who were close aides to Sylberthal, had ordered
their subordinates to recruit demons under the Yurushia banner, or to
report if they were unable to do so.

If Fannie had been in her normal state, the twins would have immediately
retreated due to the difference in their power and reported to their
master, Nui. However, judging that their target was in a state of near
insanity and could not fight back properly, the twins, stimulated by
their demonic cruelty, drooled centipedes from their mouths as
substitutes for tongues and formed distorted demonic smiles.

"Come here, chimera."

At the call of the twins, a giant chimera, which looked like a large
number of insects forcibly joined together, appeared from behind them
with a ground-shaking sound.

Even in 'chimeras', which combined demons and spirits using humans as a
medium, only one demon or spirit could be combined. This was a failed
experiment (...), created with the aim of increasing power by combining
multiple demons and spirits, and although it obtained power close to
that of a great demon, its existence was very unstable, and it was given
to the twins as something to discard as a meat shield when they could
not escape.

But in the short term, its power was useful, and creatures or spiritual
beings caught by it would be eaten away by multiple jaws and die in
terror.

Imagining the scene that was about to unfold, the twins grinned with a
sense of superiority as they looked at Fannie, who had lost her master
and was simply spreading nightmares without moving.

"Hey, Apollo. I'm glad we're on Sylberthal's side."

The jester's mask slowly raised its face.

"Yeah, Depol. I'm glad we're not underlings of the ruined Yurushia."

The jester's mask quietly looked at the twins.

"Now, chimera, let's—!"

Just as they were about to point their fingers, the figure of the jester
demon, Fannie, who had been there, disappeared.

"Eh?"

The twins hurriedly became alert. When their gaze turned behind them,
the giant chimera was covered in a translucent black membrane, and the
struggling chimera was quietly dissolved as if being broken down inside
Fannie's enlarged stomach.

"Ugh!?"

"What the hell!?"

The twins were flustered but immediately spat out centipedes from their
mouths, and the giant centipede attacked Fannie, but just before it
touched it, Fannie's figure melted away into the darkness.

"Eh, where..."

Depol's bewildered voice was lost in the darkness. When Depol looked
back because he couldn't hear Apollo's voice, which should have
followed, Apollo's figure was swallowed up by the jester's mask up to
the upper body, and Apollo, who was flailing about, was swallowed up
like a pelican swallowing a fish, facing upwards, and was digested while
reaching out to Depol for help while being decomposed inside the
translucent stomach.

"...Ah... Aa ...!?"

Having lost Apollo, who was almost like a second half of himself, Depol
screamed madly and spat out a centipede, his own form becoming part of
the centipede as it attacked Fannie.

But Fannie disappeared into the darkness again, and appearing behind the
centipede, she grabbed it with her long, dead-tree-like arms and
swallowed the thrashing centipede along with Depol.

"Nooooooooo! I don't want to diee, aa …”

As Depol completely vanished, Fannie slowly raised her head.

Previously, when she was first summoned to this world and devoured the
soul of its vessel, Fannie, merging with it, thought that this world
belonged entirely to its master, Yurushia.

But now, there was no longer a master to swear allegiance to.
Therefore... such a world should not exist.

Slowly turning the face of her mask, Fannie began to move towards the
royal capital of the Sylber Kingdom to bring despair and nightmares.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Author’s Note: Continuing from last time, we will look at demon
attributes.

Noah \[Ruthless\]'s "Lust"

Nia \[Cruelty\]'s Sloth

Tina \[Cruel\]'s Jealousy

Fannie \[Pleasure\]'s Greed

Geas \[Cruel\] "Gluttony"

Onza \[Cruel\] Jealousy

Sylberthal is a \[joyful type\] of《pride》


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0006.md)

