[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0022.md)



# Chapter 21: The Queen of the Night

"Lady Yurushia!!!"

As Sylberthal's \[Light\] and my \[Darkness\] bathed the world in
twilight, the voices of my attendants calling my name echoed through the
sky.

I raised my hand to stop them as they tried to get closer. ...Huh? Those
kids evolved? I tried to hurry as much as I could, but it seems I've
caused them quite a bit of trouble. ...And Rinne too.

"......"

Rinne, who was hanging in the air, mortally wounded on a giant stone
pillar, let out a wry smile, twisting his mouth slightly. ...Yep, I'm
back.

Rose the Blue Weasel, who had been hiding in the sleeve of my left arm,
slipped out and retreated to the surface. At that moment, Rose glanced
in Sylberthal’s direction, but whether she didn't notice or wasn't
interested in her discarded subordinate, Sylberthal showed no reaction.

In the twilight sky, I turned back to Sylberthal.

The reason why I didn't immediately rescue Rinne and didn't let my
attendants approach was because I had "her" eyes on me.

Even my attendants had evolved and were now on par with me when I fought
against Hi…Hira something... No, in terms of pure fighting power I think
they’ve surpassed the me  from back then, but who knows what would
happen if they got caught up in our serious fight.

I had a gut feeling, almost a kind of trust, that if I gave Sylberthal
an opening in order to save Rinne right away, she might do something
unpredictable.

Even now, Sylberthal was staring at me intently, trying to discern the
true nature of my new power.

\*

"You, did you release that thing?"

When Sylberthal called out to her, Yurushia gave a soft smile with just
the corners of her mouth.

She had changed. There was no way to compare her to what she was before.

Previously, when Yurushia had shown her demonic nature, the whites of
her eyes had been invaded by black, and her eyes, fangs, and claws had
been dyed a beautiful, blood-red color, like the blood splattered after
tearing apart prey.

But now, she reflected Sylberthal in her shining golden eyes like the
moon floating in the night sky, and her claws and fangs were dyed the
sacred color of "night."

Yurushia had clearly obtained the attribute of "darkness."

It seemed that she had released the \[Dark Spirit King\] that Sylberthal
had sealed in the Abyss, and was now receiving its divine protection.

Sylberthal had sealed the \[Dark Spirit King\] in order to make the
\[Light Spirit King\], which is the opposite of darkness, her servant.

At first, it was just a whim. Sylberthal likes beautiful things. She
hates dirty things. In order to create a sun in the Demon World someday,
she trapped the Spirit King of this world in a trap over thousands of
years as a part of that, and by forcibly giving the Light Spirit King a
"name," she succeeded in making it her minion.

The Dark Spirit King was sealed in the Abyss because neither spirits nor
demons could reach that place while still alive.

The Abyss was originally a place where only evil souls fell due to the
weight of their sins.

All souls are simply converted into magical power, and the "sin" part of
it becomes the soul of a demon and is reborn as a demon in the Demon
World.

If they were an Arch Demon or higher, they would not lose their will
even if they were shattered, but even so, the only thing they could
retain was their sense of self, and it would likely take hundreds or
thousands of years to recover its power.

For a spirit, even if it were the omnipotent \[Spirit King\], it would
be nearly impossible to resurrect.

The only way to go to \[The Abyss\] without dying was to use the unique
subspace created by Sylberthal, \[Hellgate\], and even then, it was
one-way with no way to return.

That's why that place was the perfect place to seal the \[Spirit King\].

Even if the Dark Spirit King were released, it should not be able to
return on its own as a spirit.

Yurushia, as soon as she returned to the present world, turned the day
created by Sylberthal and Yaomatobi into night.

To do that, she needed power equal to the Light Spirit King—Yaomatobi,
and only the Dark Spirit King could do that.

Clearly, Yurushia was under the protection of the Dark Spirit King.
However, the Dark Spirit King was nowhere to be seen.

Is the Dark Spirit King still trapped in the Abyss, only lending its
power? Is it possible to do such a thing from the Abyss, a dimension
that transcends even life and death?

Even if Yurushia could make the Dark Spirit King her minion by giving it
a name, as Sylberthal had done, the Spirit King could not be resurrected
as long as it was a spirit.

The only possibility is...

Even if the Dark Spirit King lost its core as a \[Spirit\], it might be
able to return with only its "will" by taking a demon as its core and
possessing its attributes.

However, in that case, it would take tens of thousands of years to
return to its original form as a Spirit King, and the demon that was
absorbed could not be any ordinary demon, but a "vessel" large enough to
receive the power of the Spirit King.

Furthermore, the spirit of the demon that was absorbed would almost
certainly disappear, so the Demon Lord whose name Sylberthal had
forgotten and who had been entrusted with the management of the Spirit
King, had been warned not to be tricked by the Dark Spirit King.

And if the Dark Spirit King had returned, there would be no reason for
Yaomatobi to obediently follow Sylberthal, but Yaomatobi only showed a
hint of confusion and did not seem to have any intention of rebelling.

"Hmm..."

Having finished those contemplations in just a few milliseconds,
Sylberthal laughed fearlessly.

No matter the reason, what was important was that her plaything had
returned on its own accord and was now amusing her. Sylberthal turned
her left hand towards Yurushia.

"Then let's give this a try."

Whether the power Yurushia was using was truly the power of the Dark
Spirit King or merely a facade, she could find out by testing it.

BOOM!

Rising from the collapsed surface of the city and the twilight-dyed sky,
tens of thousands of stone pillars appeared and closed in on Yurushia
from all directions.

If she had done this during their previous battle, Sylberthal would have
been able to defeat the Yurushia of that time with a single attack. The
reason she hadn't was because if Yurushia were destroyed in a single
blow, it would be no fun, so she was just going easy on her.

Sylberthal only used this level of seriousness against enemies of
Rinne's class.

Even if she was weaker than Rinne, perhaps another \[Devil\] who
traveled through countless dimensions might be able to dodge using some
clever means.

"If you're a devil, then try to dodge."

At the center of a continent-sized iron maiden with no escape, Yurushia
did not avoid the attack, and her cherry-colored lips lightly spun a
"curse."

"——Let there be light in the dark night——"

In that instant, the night sky dress that Yurushia wore fluttered and
spread out, and the born \[Darkness\] devoured the tips of all the stone
pillars. The overflowing darkness materialized and flowed down,
instantly covering the surface of the earth like an ocean of jet-black
tar.

"I'll return it."

Using those words as a curse, as Sylberthal had shown in \[Hellgate\],
tens of thousands of \[Dark Spears\] rose from the sea of darkness like
rain, from the ground to the sky.

Who could believe that each one of them had the same power as the
\[Night Spear\] that Yurushia had used before?

However, Sylberthal didn't dodge it, and her slightly wavy, jet black
hair spread out as if to turn the sky into the sea, consuming the spears
of darkness in an instant.

If Yurushia's \[Darkness\] was 'night', then Sylberthal's \[Black\] was
the all-consuming ‘nothingness.’

Both Yurushia and Sylberthal showed a terrifying smile, baring their
fangs.

A golden-haired girl and a jet-black-haired beauty. They were not
humans, but possessed god-like powers and yet were not gods. They were
"demons" that devoured the world.

As Yurushia's "night" spread, countless meteors fell from the starry sky
beyond, raising huge pillars of water in the sea, digging giant craters
in the land of the continent, and shaking the earth.

As Sylberthal's "nothingness" spread and devoured the meteors that
attacked her, it also devoured parts of the ground, sea, and atmosphere,
causing a huge storm that swept over the entire world.

"——Yaomatobi——"

At the call of Sylberthal, who had finally gotten serious, a sun
appeared behind her, and countless rays of light cut through the
twilight sky.

"——Let there be light in the dark night——"

Where there is light, there is shadow. The same number of "shadows" were
born in parallel with the countless rays of light, dividing the sky of
the world into black and white, and then they intertwined, collided, and
disappeared as if canceling each other out.

Sylberthal's eyes turned completely "black," her eyes of nothingness
devoured even space-time, and a huge spatial discontinuity approached
Yurushia.

In response, Yurushia created a huge darkness centered on herself and
welcomed it with a golden glow like a morning star.

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

Two conflicting forces. As Yurushia's voice echoed in the sky, six
golden wings spread out behind her.

As if the stars were twinkling in the night sky to adorn the darkness,
the souls of the creatures that had died due to the clash between the
two were drawn in, and the golden glow shattered the spatial
discontinuity.

"——Oooooooh"

For the first time, Sylberthal's eyes widened in astonishment.

Two pairs of bat wings, the wings of a demon, and between them were the
shining wings of an angel covered in feathers.

The form of a demon and the form of a god. Demons devour souls, and
because of this, the souls of the world instinctively fear demons.
However, those souls were drawn in as if they were being gathered,
decomposed, and returned to the world as Yurushia's power.

The power of a "devil" that devours souls to fuel its own existence. The
power of a "spirit" that gathers souls and returns them to the world.

What that meant was...

"Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!"

Suddenly, Sylberthal's laughter echoed.

"Yurushia... you've eaten it! You've devoured the Dark Spirit King and
made its power your own! You're the 'Queen of the Night'!"

At those words, a devilish yet angelic smile appeared on Yurushia's
face.

Demons don't consume spirits. Spirits don't consume demons.

Even demons who devour their own kind do not devour spirits, which are
also spiritual entities, because the opposing existence of these two is
"poison."

If you try to forcibly take it in, instead of gaining its power, you
would be weakened, and in the worst case, your existence could
disappear.

The only one who could do that was the pure madness of a "human" who
surpassed even demons.

Sylberthal was convinced that after tens of thousands of years, a being
of the same rank as herself, the King of Madness - the \[Queen of the
Night\], who had even devoured the Dark Spirit King, had finally
descended upon the world.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0022.md)

