[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0012.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0014.md)



# Chapter 13: Dark Spirit King

"...The \[Dark Spirit King\]...?"

How could it be here!? Could this be another one of Sylberthal's traps?
In the instant that the space cracked and darkness engulfed the world, I
understood its true nature and began to retreat. But—

《—I—wait—for—you—world—light—demon—abyss—darkness—power—》

"—!?"

Suddenly, a vast amount of information was hammered into my mind as a
thought, and it pinned me to the spot as I tried to escape.

"——"

Rose was in trouble. She was about to be annihilated by the immense
difference in power, so I hurriedly wrapped her in my magic power and
isolated her from space.

I was able to endure it somehow because we were existentially "equal,"
but even so, I was so weakened and had ten times less magical power, so
my body ached and I couldn't help but kneel.

"...This is..."

A spirit king... one of the six highest-ranking spirits that have
existed since the beginning of the world...

Rose's soul had shriveled, but my magic should take care of that for
now.

Anyway... why is the Dark Spirit King in a place like this? It doesn't
seem hostile, but if this is what Sylberthal hid... sealed... then how
did she... no, why did she seal the Dark Spirit King in the Abyss?...I
have no idea.

It seemed to have something to say, as it had condensed the contents of
hundreds of millions of pages of manuscript paper into five seconds, but
to be honest, the information just went in one ear and out the other, so
I don't remember a single bit of it.

This is troublesome... No, I understand that it's important, but trying
to read the will of an existence with such a different way of thinking
would take years, even in the Abyss where time is arbitrary.

"...Huh?"

When I looked down, feeling like my hair was being pulled, Rose, whom I
was holding close to my chest, pointed at the Dark Spirit King with a
frightened face.

...It can’t be helped. For Rose, who is a pure demon, even
higher-ranking spirits are objects of awe, and she can't ignore them.

I put Rose down, still wrapped in magic power, and stepped forward
alone.

The space that I could already see was completely covered in darkness,
and the only things I could see were Rose behind me and myself.

But it was definitely there in front of me. It was just like a giant
eye, and its  true form was the darkness that surrounded us, but I
reached out with one hand and tried to contact the Dark Spirit King.

"Ugh..."

A vast amount of information flowed in again, and I couldn't help but
frown.

Maybe the Dark Spirit King was trying to filter the information a
little, because the headache was a little better than before, and I
managed to extract and summarize the necessary information.

...Apparently, the Dark Spirit King was sealed here by Sylberthal's
treachery.

I'm interested in how she did it, but a plan that's a few thousand years
in the making would take decades just to explain if I were to put it
into three-dimensional words.

Even so, I can see a little bit of what Sylberthal did... what she
wanted to do.

It was the plan she herself called, "eliminating the night".

It had no meaning at all, and it was carried out for the ridiculous
reason that she simply "liked bright and beautiful things".

As a result, Sylberthal didn't care what happened to the world or if all
living things became extinct.

Even if she failed, the world would regenerate on its own if left alone
for tens of thousands of years.

In the meantime, she would go to other worlds, play around in the worlds
as she pleased, and if that world was still undeveloped, she would give
it "wisdom" and remake it to her liking, mass-producing template-like
"other worlds".

...She's acting so refreshingly "god-like" that calling her an "evil
god" is too mild.

Sylberthal sealed the Dark Spirit King in the Abyss in order to make the
Light Spirit King her subordinate.

Unlike other spirits, "light" and "darkness" alone are enough to
complete the world.

There is also a theory that they are identical existences with different
wills, like the obverse and reverse, twins.

Because one of them fell into Sylberthal's trap, the world of Atra began
to lose its attribute of "night", and the Light Spirit King had no
choice but to accept the "name" given to him by Sylberthal.

And the reason I was able to regenerate after falling into the Abyss was
thanks to the Light Spirit King opening a hole leading to the Abyss, and
that existence seems to want to release the Dark Spirit King here.

Well, it was more like he wanted to slightly increase the probability of
it being released.

"What do you desire...?"

The Dark Spirit King wanted me to free it.

How...? The moment I thought that, space distorted according to the Dark
Spirit King's will, and an image appeared of a dark sphere bound by
thorny roses.

Is this the seal that Sylberthal used to bind the Dark Spirit King? I
probably just have to cut it, but considering that it's a seal created
by one of the oldest demon lords to seal a spirit king who has existed
since the beginning of the world, I can't say it's easy. Even touching
it, who knows what kind of curse will befall me?

Moreover, even if it is released from the seal, the Dark Spirit King has
no way to escape from this Abyss.

But the Spirit King has even presented a way to do so.

It was that by releasing the Dark Spirit King and simultaneously
assimilating with the cursed soul that was released, the curse would be
dispelled, and using the attributes of the assimilated demon, it would
be possible to escape from the Abyss to the demon world and return to
the mortal world from there.

Moreover, by assimilating with the Dark Spirit King, it said that it
could even seal the power of the \[True Demon Lord\] that is corroding
me.

However, it seems that the demon who assimilates with the Dark Spirit
King will also have their consciousness assimilated and turn into the
Dark Spirit King in a few thousand years. It feels similar to the method
Sylberthal tried to use to seal the True Demon Lord by repainting my
soul.

Will the repainted consciousness be that of the \[Dark Spirit King\], or
of the \[Demon\]...?

Probably... considering the difference in power, it will mostly become
the Dark Spirit King.

"…………"

Certainly, it would be a trump card against Sylberthal.

The Dark Spirit King was of the opinion that if I did it, then due to my
human attributes it would be easier for my consciousness and will to
remain.

If my will remains, I could also release the Light Spirit King from
Sylberthal's curse and defeat her.

Should I take the Dark Spirit King's offer if I want to make a comeback?

From that moment on, I would no longer be a demon, but a part of the
Dark Spirit King's consciousness, protecting the world of Atra.

But is that really okay? I felt a shiver down my spine at the thought
that I might no longer be myself.

But if I leave it alone here, Sylberthal will completely deprive the
world of night, having lost the attribute of night and simply separating
night and day by the rotation of celestial bodies, and destroy the
world.

Is that really okay...?

"Lady Yurushia..."

"...Rose?"

While I was deep in thought, I suddenly heard a voice from behind me.

I turned around to see what was going on, and saw Rose lying on the
ground, exhausted, but her eyes were filled with a strong will as she
gazed at me.

"I... will do it."

"Eh...?"

I didn't understand at first, but I finally realized the meaning in
Rose's eyes.

Rose was saying that she would take the curse of releasing the Dark
Spirit King instead of me and take on the role of providing the demon
attribute to the Dark Spirit King.

I had considered it as one possibility. If I transferred most of my
magic power to a demon, I could remain myself.

However, in order to accept that, a soul vessel that could accept it was
necessary, and it had to be one of my familiars so that it would not be
betrayed.

In this Abyss, only Rose met those conditions. However, unlike me, Rose
is merely the soul of an Arch Demon, and so there would be no trace of
her consciousness remaining.

So even though I considered it as a possibility, I had no intention of
using Rose for such a thing.

But because she was my familiar, Rose seemed to have understood to some
extent the conversation I had with the Dark Spirit King.

"I have no intention of making you do something like that."

"'But Lady Yurushia, don't you understand? We can't defeat Sylberthal
unless we do something like this... Don't worry, I'll definitely defeat
Sylberthal...'"

"That's not what I'm saying."

I muttered in a sulky tone, then went back, picked up Rose, and looked
into her eyes.

"To save something dear to me, why would you have me sacrifice something
dear to me?"

"'Lady Yurushia...'"

Rose's eyes widened as I lowered her to the ground again, and turned my
attention to the image of the Dark Spirit King trapped in thorns.

"Rose... A pure demon like you might think that, but a demon as impure
as me just can't think 'properly'..."

As I quietly approached the Dark Spirit King, Rose, who couldn't move,
desperately tried to stop me.

"'W-wait, what are you doing...'"

Rose, my familiar, seemed to realize what I was trying to do, and her
voice trembled.

That's right. I'm a demon full of impurities. I don't know how to think
rationally. I don't think about the consequences.

Because it wouldn't be like me, would it? If I were going to survive, I
would have simply surrendered to Sylberthal from the beginning instead
of picking a fight with her.

"――――!!!"

The Dark Spirit King finally realised my intentions and sent a large
number of thought waves at me as if to reject me.

A huge amount of information tried to overwhelm my mind, but I gritted
my teeth and took a step forward.

It's too late... Even the pure spirit, the Spirit King, thought that
assimilating and escaping would be best, and it was a moment too late to
refuse.

"...You're crazy..."

That's right, Rose. Both I and my servants are insane. Otherwise,
there's no way that a mere reincarnation of a "human" soul could turn
someone into a demon or a god, right?

My eyes glowed crimson, and the whites of my eyes turned black as if
they were being eroded.

Crimson crystal fangs protruded with a creaking sound. Is that Rose or
the Dark Spirit King? Hearing a voiceless scream, I clawed through the
thorns that were trying to crush me with a curse, and I—

"……Thank you for the meal……"

I tore apart the Dark Spirit King's core with my crimson crystal fangs.

 ＊＊＊

"Are you not yet dead? Is it so regrettable that she has perished? Well,
Rinne."

In the unique subspace, \[Hellgate\], Sylberthal, without hiding her
missing right arm from the battle with Yurushia and the scorched right
half of her face, looked down at the tattered Rinne floating in the
Hellgate sea with a seductive smile.

"The thought of fighting you is exciting, but why go to such lengths?
You must know that I am stronger here."

Rinne, in his beast form, floating on the sea, let out a slight growl at
Sylberthal's words.

Seeing this, Sylberthal sighed lightly and smiled, pointing her left
hand at Rinne, who was unable to move.

"Although I'm not finished, it's almost 'over'. I'm also curious about
the situation below. If Yurushia's followers don't take a liking to me,
it would be better to destroy them all along with you."

Just as Sylberthal was about to deliver the final blow, Sylberthal's
eyebrows twitched slightly. Rinne was not growling, but laughing.

"Why are you laughing?"

"………Sylberthal... you're underestimating them. They too... and
Yurushia."

＊＊＊

That day, in a void of nothingness near the deepest part of the Demon
World, space suddenly cracked and a vast amount of "darkness" poured out
from it.

The dark, murky sky of the Demon Realm was filled with "night" as if
purified by pure darkness, and in the center of the night a "golden"
light twinkled as if smiling.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0012.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0014.md)

