[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0031.md)



# Side Story 7: Cedar Pollen

"I'm Cedar Pollen-chan! I'm the spirit of cedar pollen!"

So declared the tiny, green-haired girl dressed in a bright yellow
mini-dress.

It was impossible to discern her exact size. Perhaps she was invisible,
or maybe she was as small as a person's hand. Regardless, it didn't
matter since she was invisible to the human eye. And it seemed she
didn't care if no one heard her greeting.

"My mission is to make humans happy!"

With that, Cedar Pollen-chan thumped her chest, and a cloud of yellow
powder erupted from her yellow dress.

Cedar Pollen-chan, being the spirit of cedar pollen, pondered how she
could bring happiness to humans. The answer became clear as soon as she
observed human life.

"Humans need wood!"

Humans needed clothing, food, and shelter. Of these, Cedar Pollen-chan
first focused on "shelter" and the wood needed for houses.

"Humans live in wooden houses. Stone houses are dangerous because they
can collapse in an earthquake. So, humans are happy when there are lots
of cedar trees!"

And so, Cedar Pollen-chan tapped her yellow dress here and there,
scattering lots of magic powder (yellow).

Thanks to Cedar Pollen-chan's efforts, cedar trees proliferated
throughout the land, far exceeding the demand for housing.

"Now all humans will be happy!"

Indeed, thanks to Cedar Pollen-chan, humans had abundant "shelter." But
Cedar Pollen-chan wanted to make humans even happier.

"Next is 'clothing'!"

Humans wear clothes. Cedar Pollen-chan, being the spirit of cedar
pollen, didn't quite understand, but she thought that if she sprinkled
her yellow powder on clothes, they would become colorful, and humans
would be even happier.

"So, I'll release lots of yellow powder and scatter it in the wind!"

Aiming for the springtime when strong winds blew, Cedar Pollen-chan
commanded the cedar trees to produce a lot of yellow powder.

Thanks to Cedar Pollen-chan's dedicated efforts, the scattered yellow
powder clung tenaciously to human clothing and even managed to enter
houses.

"The air has turned a little yellow, and humans are crying tears of
joy!"

But for the spirit Cedar Pollen-chan, her work was never done. Cedar
Pollen-chan was far more diligent than any human could be.

"Next is 'food'!"

Cedar Pollen-chan knew that food was the most important thing for
humans.

To improve food, one might think of increasing food supplies. But the
hardworking Cedar Pollen-chan had a different idea.

Thanks to Cedar Pollen-chan, human lives had become more prosperous. But
as a result, many humans had become obese.

"Let's use the magical powder (yellow) for dieting!"

Cedar Pollen-chan knew that humans doused in yellow powder, even if they
couldn't see her, would be so moved by her great deeds that they would
cry tears and snot.

If they cried and had a runny nose, they wouldn't have time to eat. That
way, they would naturally lose weight, Cedar Pollen-chan thought, and as
she approached the crying humans, she smiled and sprinkled yellow powder
on them.

However, even the peaceful angel, Cedar Pollen-chan, finally faced an
enemy.

"Humans are wearing masks!"

A great disease was spreading in the human world.

Instead of Cedar Pollen-chan's magical powder (yellow), tiny things were
flying into human bodies, and wise humans were putting cloth masks over
their mouths and noses to prevent the disease.

But that would prevent Cedar Pollen-chan's blessings from reaching
humans. To deliver the "happiness" that Cedar Pollen-chan brought, she
had to defeat the source of the disease.

Cedar Pollen-chan was troubled. As a spirit who brought happiness, she
couldn't fight.

But Cedar Pollen-chan didn't give up. She wanted to deliver yellow
powder to many people. She couldn't remove human masks by normal means,
so Cedar Pollen-chan came up with a new idea

"I'll just scatter more magical powder (yellow)!"

The plan was this: she would do her utmost to scatter yellow powder in
the spring season, and if she could make all the people in the world cry
with runny noses, there would be no need to wear masks.

It was a dangerous plan. If she scattered too much yellow powder beyond
her limit, Cedar Pollen-chan would also become tired. It was a battle
between the disease and Cedar Pollen-chan.

"...I lost."

Even with Cedar Pollen-chan's power, she couldn't defeat the disease
that was plaguing humans.

But Cedar Pollen-chan didn't give up. She chose to take a temporary
break to build up her strength for the next spring.

"Next year, I'll scatter even more powder than this year and make many
people happy!"

＊＊＊

"...What is this?"

Taking my eyes off the submitted report, I directed a suspicious gaze at
Noah, who nodded silently while wearing glasses and a mask.

"It seems that in the world where Master lived, it was thought that the
spirits disappeared, but it seems they had become so small that they
were invisible and were protecting humans."

"Is that so..."

I see... so that's what it was. (facepalm)

Seeing my reaction, Noah took out new documents from inside his butler's
uniform, and as he did, a cloud of yellow powder swirled up, causing
Nia, who was in the same room, to distance herself without changing her
expression.

"So, I've developed a type of seaweed that releases pollen all year
round to counter the spirits of that world. If Master gives the order, I
can scatter it in that world anytime..."

"Please stop it."

...No, seriously.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0031.md)

