[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0034.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0036.md)



# Side Story 12: Give Thanks to the Spirits!

"Yeah, I really don't know what to do..."

"Hmm..."

This is Yurushia.

Today I'm visiting one of the worlds under my care.

See, I’m a... well, they call me a goddess of evil, or something like
that. So, I have to check up on my worlds and make sure they're not in
trouble.

It's not like I’m slacking off from my Queenly duties or anything!

Anyway, as soon as I arrived, I was immediately cornered by the goddess
in charge of this world, and had to listen to her endless complaints.

To summarize, things were going well for a while after intelligent life
appeared, but once civilization developed, people forgot to appreciate
nature, and when they appealed to the higher-ups about this, an emissary
arrived planning to destroy the civilization, but the goddess panicked
and backed out at the last minute.

…The person in charge at that time was Sylberthal, right?

Too lazy to come herself, she probably sent one of her Arch Demons to do
the job. And being a pure-blooded Arch Demon, they probably just
preferred to reset everything.

"It was terrible! I tried for hundreds of years to restore people's
gratitude for the spirits and respect for nature through oracles..."

"Oh..."

Oh no. The complaints have started again.

This kid. Despite being a blonde, curly-haired loli, her eyes are so
intense it's scary…

Anyway, this world, like many others, was created by Sylberthal. She
seeded it with Earth-type humans and gave them a medieval-style culture.

Realizing she couldn't rely on the higher-ups, the goddess tried her
best on her own, but in the end, people's respect for the spirits and
gratitude didn't increase. In fact, since the goddess continued to send
them oracles like a nagging mother-in-law, faith in her has begun to
fade.

There's nothing we can do now. If things continued like this, scientific
civilization would develop and consume the world's resources, and we
would be left waiting for a slow demise...

"And now! The supreme deity has come! Now everything will be alright!
All my years of suffering will be rewarded! Right? Right?!"

"Ah, yeah."

Her eyes are so scary! Aren't you supposed to be a goddess of love?

It can't be helped. Since I’m already here on... inspection, let's do as
much as we can!

Spirits circulate their magic through the world like lubricant or blood
and are wonderful beings that are delicious to eat, so it is
unacceptable to treat them with neglect!

But with their power weakened, the spirits can't do much to be
appreciated. So, I decided to teach humans how hard it is to receive
their blessings.

**Case 1: Earth Spirits**

Because the earth spirits have weakened, the land is becoming barren.

Until now, a good harvest was guaranteed by simply praying
appropriately, but as gratitude disappeared and the spiritual power
weakened, crop yields decreased, and cutting down the surrounding
forests to increase the amount of fields further reduced the spiritual
power, creating a vicious cycle.

So, I disguised myself as a noble lady and taught the villagers how hard
it is to get the earth's blessings.

I brought out a huge pile of seaweed, which had voluntarily gathered at
my call, and burned it to ashes to use as fertilizer!

I think I heard it screaming when I burned it, but seaweed can't have
feelings, right?

The villagers complained about gathering the seaweed, but the spirits
used to do it for them! I told them to be grateful and left.

**Case 2: Wind Spirits**

Without wind, the air becomes stagnant and unhealthy. If there is no
wind, plants will have to rely on insects for pollination to bear fruit,
and some fruits cannot be carried by insects.

I taught the people living in the mountains how hard it is to make the
wind blow.

There was still magic left in this world, so those who could use it were
called upon to create a great wind.

"--I will make even the humans of this world shed tears of joy--"

Cedar Pollen-chan?

No, it must be my imagination.

Anyway, now humans know how important the wind is.

Ahh... yellow powder is flying.

**Case 3: Water Spirits**

It seems that the power of the water spirit has weakened, which has
caused the amount of rainfall to decrease.

No rain?

Well, then let's make it rain! (boom)

So, I taught the alchemists in this world how to burn silver iodide and
acetone... I think? They were very grateful.

...Hmm? Is this rain really okay?

I can't feel any spiritual power at all though...

Oh well! It'll be fine!

Do you now understand how difficult it is to be a water spirit?

**Case 4: Fire Spirits**

This is the opposite of the other spirits; as the other spirits have
become weaker, only the power of the fire spirit has grown stronger,
causing desertification to progress.

That's easy. We just need to weaken the fire spirits.

This is the culmination of everything we've done so far, everyone!

We'll spread the seaweed fertilizer, create lots of rain...

"--I want to fill this world with cedars and make humans happy--"

Ah! Am I hallucinating again?!

...Well, that's fine. Now, with the help of some fairies, this vast
desert will turn into a forest.

And so, I left the world after teaching its people an important lesson.

I did a good thing!

＊＊＊

"Oh, Noah. What is it?"

"Master... I have something to report regarding a certain world."

I was caught slacking off by Rose, the blue ferret demon. Just when I
got back to work, Noah, my butler demon, came to me with that news.

Oh? Isn't this the world we went to the other day?

"Apparently, the seaweed fertilizer caused soil damage, and the
artificial rain caused wars over water. The chemicals used for
artificial rain dried up the land, and excessive pine pollen caused
health problems for humans, cold damage has occurred due to an unknown
drop in temperature, and the local goddess, whose spirits have almost
all disappeared, has appeared with a knife in hand and is running around
rampaging, demanding 'Where is the golden god?' and is feared by
everyone."

"Hmm, I see..."

Rose turned a cold eye towards me as Noah explained matter-of-factly.

"Apparently, she's been making rather disrespectful remarks towards you,
and I was about to send in a subjugation force..."

"No! Leave her alone!"

"...As you wish."

That goddess was probably just going through a rough patch.

In the end, the spirits might be gone, but she's gone up in rank from a
goddess of love to a wrathful deity. At least now she won't be
underestimated.

...Managing worlds is really difficult.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0034.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0036.md)

