[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0010.md)



# Chapter 9: Journey Through Hell (3)

"How terrible... I thought Hiraines still had some self-preservation
instinct, but to think that he's recovered enough to take action in this
Abyss..."

"Y-yeah..."

I nodded solemnly, matching Rose's serious expression.

Oh no... This is bad. This isn't an atmosphere where I can say "Who's
that?" Maybe he's a really famous person? Rose seems to be afraid of
him, so he must be someone who has done something incredibly impressive.

As I desperately searched the corners of my memory, Rose looked up at me
with a slightly anxious expression.

"Yurushia-sama, you didn't go easy on him, did you...?"

"Huh!?"

What?! Is he someone I'm also connected to?!

But I don't have any memories of meeting such an amazing person. And
what do you mean by "you didn't go easy on him"?

Could he be one of the nobles from the Holy Kingdom that I casually
ruined for committing some crime (like sexual harassment)? Certainly, if
he was a fop like Bri or Sara, my former escort knights, who used to
grope their bottoms, it would be too mild to simply ruin him. I might
have secretly plucked out all his hair in the middle of the night,
something that even Onza, the demon who became a monk, would have prayed
to the gods about with a horrified expression. But for a demon like
Rose, even that would be too mild, wouldn't it!?

Rose, what a terrifying child!

"...Huh?"

"What are you talking about...? T-there's no way I would go easy on
someone..."

"...That's right. Yurushia-sama is pretty ruthless..."

"That's right! I'm so ruthless that when I was naughty, Father said I
should stay at home forever because he wouldn't let me get married!"

"...I don't understand that analogy."

I felt like I had received a somewhat unfair evaluation, but I seemed to
have managed to dodge the question.

And even when I was naughty, I was just being mean to the nasty young
ladies to protect Betty, the future Crown Princess, and my older sister.
Yet Father said I should just stay in the mansion?

Putting that aside, I felt that Rose was looking at me with increasing
suspicion.

I need to find a way to continue the conversation...

"W-well, you know, he's also of a certain age...?"

"Of a certain age!? Yurushia-sama, do you know what he's capable of!?"

I made the wrong choice!

To summarize, this person is someone Rose is wary of, and they seem to
have been involved with me in the past.

Moreover, I seem to have been pretty ruthless with him, but honestly,
there are countless people I've beaten up, not only in Atra but also in
Earth and Tess.

That's strange... As a demon integrated into human society, I've been
quite peaceful and lived a steady life...

Ancient sages used to compare the number of people they had eaten to the
number of loaves of bread. But I'm definitely not at that level. At
most, it's about the same as the number of puddings I've eaten.

So I think the number of people I've directly taken down is about the
same as the number of puddings I've popped. I prefer cheap gelatin
pudding to pudding from famous stores.

No, no, that's not it. Even if I can't remember now, I'm sure I'll
remember as soon as I see his face. I wish I had at least remembered his
name, but I was thinking about so many things that I missed it when Rose
said it.

It would be bad to ask now, wouldn't it? Then what was the point of our
previous conversation? My dignity as a demon would plummet instantly.

I think... h, Hira? Yeah, it was 'Mr. Hira something'.

Indeed, on a microscopic level, there was a feeling that the name
sounded familiar, yet somehow unfamiliar.

Hira... Hira-shain? Surely my employees wouldn't do something that would
trouble Rose.

It's unthinkable that our beloved employees, who believe, like the rat
race group in this village, that the company survives solely on their
all-nighters, would do something so cruel... Ha!

That's it! They all had one weakness!

When they saw young female employees, they did not know how to
communicate with them and had the habit of making dad jokes that
bordered on sexual harassment.

So... Rose, even though she was a mid-career hire, must have had some
painful experiences with her superiors.

It can't be helped... When I return to the mortal world, I'll give them
more work to do.

If the evil souls of our employees come from this rat race group, then
in addition to making them do simple physical labor, I should promote
some of them to section chiefs (Quasi-Greater Demon level) and have them
work on product development for my company to keep them busy.

"Don't worry, Rose. I'll take care of it."

"Huh? Oh, yeah. Our powers are weakened too, but I don't think he's that
powerful now."

With my firm declaration, Rose nodded thoughtfully, agreeing with me. It
seems I've made the right decision.

"Rose, you've had a hard time, haven't you...?"

"Huh? Eh? Well, not really, but..."

As if trying to be considerate of me as her new superior, Rose said
something innocent in a daze.

"Maybe we should make a new product, like pudding?"

"What are you talking about!?"

Oops, I seem to have been too hasty. Rose is smart (although she can be
a bit ditzy sometimes), so I assumed she understood the new sexual
harassment countermeasures.

Come to think of it, since Rose seems to like details (this is just my
bias), she might be good at being the personnel manager of our company.

Usually, newly headhunted employees can't immediately take on such
positions, but unlike humans, demons can bring in their acquaintances
through connections... Wait!

"I see... I was wrong."

"Eh? Well, I was surprised by the sudden talk about pudding, but I'm
glad you realized your mistake. And your new product, Yurushia-sama, is
it that seafood shop? Are you going to make pudding with krill?"

That would be a unique product in itself, but it's on the same level as
the "Sweet Seaweed Agar Jelly" that Mylene came up with, so I'll reject
it. This is why genuine demons and vampires are...

No, in Rose's case, she must have made a witty joke so that I wouldn't
worry about my mistake.

"Don't worry, Rose. I'll grind that guy up and feed him to a green
turtle."

"A green turtle!?"

I was mistaken. Rose had only just joined the company, so she should not
have been sexually harassed by our employees.

I'm sorry for doubting you, employees. But since I've already come up
with an idea for work, I'll increase your workload.

But that means Rose was sexually harassed at her previous job. But a
female boss like Sylberthal should be strict about sexual harassment.

Was it her previous workplace? But Zephircel, the demon lord, is Rose's
creator and practically her parent. I can't imagine a parent doing that
to their daughter.

I remember Zephircel was a relatively intelligent Demon Lord whom the
occupational demon king tried to summon as a last resort, and Rinne
seemed to have 'accidentally' summoned him, but since Rinne said he was
one of the few beings he could converse with, it's even more unlikely.

So, I imagine it was a frivolous salesman from a competing company who
touched Rose's butt while she was serving tea.

That's unforgivable. Worth a thousand deaths. He deserves to be fed to a
green turtle.

"A green turtle..."

And so, we were seen off with 90-degree bows by the rat race group, and
we set out to slay the frivolous sexual harasser.

Rose seems to be particularly interested in green turtles for some
reason.

Don't worry. Green turtles are quite omnivorous, so they'll eat anything
if you cut it up small enough.

After walking for a while, we arrived at a place where we could see the
settlement of the devil worshipers we had heard about.

"...A settlement?"

"It seems to be, more or less..."

Even from a distance, it looked like nothing was there. Even that rat
race group, despite having their booth-like partitions destroyed by the
whirlwind, had been rebuilding them like stacking stones at the River of
Sands. There was no way that devil worshipers would be building anything
properly, and it just looked like a place where people wearing black
robes were desperately praying on top of stacked rocks.

"There are so few of them."

"Yeah, very few..."

There were far fewer of those black-robed people than we had heard. That
rat race group... it's hard to describe. Shall we call them trainees?
Even those trainees numbered about 30, but there were only about 10
people in black robes.

Why were there so few? The reason became clear immediately.

"Ah!"

A sudden whirlwind struck the devil worshipers' makeshift camp.

Since there was nothing but a makeshift altar made of stacked rocks,
they should have run away immediately, but the black-robed figures
charged in shouting, "Devil, give us your power!" or something like
that, and were shattered to pieces, self-transforming into turtle food.

"...Wonâ€™t these guys just die out on their own?"

"......"

For a moment, I thought so too, but the sexual harasser they worship is
still out there.

I don't know who that sleazy salesman demon is, but it's certain that
he's not a decent person to have such fanatical followers, so we have to
eliminate him.

"I think your subordinates are pretty fanatical too..."

Don't be disrespectful. They just love their work.

I used to think they were doing it reluctantly before, but if they love
their job, there's no need for me to be soft on them from now on...
including you, Rose.

"...I feel a chill."

"Are you catching a cold?"

As I looked around, wondering what to do, a survivor crawled out from
under the rubble.

Since he was wearing a finely tailored robe like a noble, I approached
him thinking I might get information about the sexual harasser. The man,
who looked to be in his late thirties, had intelligent eyes that didn't
seem to belong to a fanatic, but the moment he saw me, his eyes widened
and he began to tremble with joy.

"Oh, the golden demon god! Have you forgotten me? Count Brunou, who
kidnapped you and the young prince and was eventually destroyed by your
hands..."

"Shut up."

I reflexively kicked him again, and Brunou let out a strange cry as he
flew away and was caught up in a passing whirlwind, being crushed to
pieces.

"Evil is destroyed."

"Weren't you going to get information!?"

No. I hate to say it, but he was creepy. I remembered him. When I first
awakened to my demonic power (appetite), he was with a beautiful woman
(delicious).

He was a fervent devil worshiper who offered up his soul, but his soul
was so impure that I left some over for the first time.

Because of that leftover, he ended up in the Abyss. But now the
pedophile is gone. It seems that such people tend to gather under the
command of sexual harassers.

"Hey, look, Rose."

"......"

Rose, feeling a bit put out, blinked when she saw what I'd found.

"A hole?"

There was a deep vertical hole where Brunou had crawled out from, and it
seemed to continue deep into the ground. That's why he was unharmed by
the whirlwind.

"You had seen this, so you quickly finished off that guy earlier..."

"Y-yeah..."

Rose sounded impressed, and I instinctively looked away.

Anyway, the sexual harasser is probably down there. Before Rose noticed
the awkwardness of the conversation, we decided to jump into the
vertical hole.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0010.md)

