[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0019.md)



# Chapter 18: The Golden Saint’s Demon Army (2)

—Let's start the feast—

Before Etincelle, transformed into the Evil God of Flame—the Demon
Lord—, the pitch-black blood that overflowed from Noah's entire body
changed into a thick, darkness. The materialized darkness spread like
tar, and from it, an enormous amount of magical power gushed forth.

The entire land of the Sylber Kingdom trembled under immense magical
power, and the surface of the dark water that covered the entire city
distorted, revealing the face of a beast-like demon.

--Nia, can you hear me?--

\*

--Noah, I hear you--

Neige, who had deified and become a Minor God-class demon, felt Nia's
magical power, which had suddenly begun to swell and bloat, and the
giant wolf let out a low growl as if on guard.

(…This is bad!)

Nia was already on the verge of surpassing the framework of an Arch
Demon. Feeling that she was about to become something "different," Neige
immediately launched an attack.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

A giant ice ball fired from the wolf's jaws was launched at the changing
Nia.

A Minor God-class demon, due to its power, was worshipped as a local
land deity. Although its power did not reach that of a Demon Lord, it
far exceeded that of an Arch Demon, and its single blow was sure to have
completely obliterated the immobile Nia without leaving a trace—or so it
should have.

'What!?’

Neige's icy blast completely froze Nia, who had turned into a mass of
flesh, and shattered it into pieces. However, at the same time as the
destruction, regeneration began rapidly beginning from within the
disintegrating "flesh."

‘…My magical power is being eaten’

While being damaged by Neige's ice blast, Nia, who had absorbed its
magical power, was repeating the process of destruction and
regeneration.

Seeing this, Neige instantly switched to physical attacks, and the giant
wolf over 10 meters long leaped out, gouging the earth.

Clang!

The wolf's claws were repelled by something hard. The flesh that had
been swelling up had become covered in a hard shell.

“Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!”

With a roar, magical power and demonic energy burst forth from Neige,
and she swung her claws and fangs.

Neige's all-out attack tore through the tough shell, and her sharp fangs
bit down. But, even though Neige was supposed to be stronger, she
couldn't destroy Nia.

She couldn't inflict a fatal wound that would be enough to destroy Nia
because of the abnormal speed of Nia's regeneration.

Neige felt a sense of anxiety she hadn't felt in thousands of years.

Her magical power and abilities were superior. However, every time Neige
attacked, Nia's magical power increased, and the hardness of her shell
seemed to gradually increase.

—Could she be trying to \[Evolve\]?— She couldn't deny it, even though
it seemed unlikely, and anxiety arose in Neige’s mind.

The last time a demon had evolved into the highest rank was over a
thousand years ago when Hiraines, known as the "Demon World Emperor,"
did so, excluding Yurushia, the irregular "Demon Princess."

Even Hiraines was the first Demon Lord in thousands of years, and even
including him, there were only seven Demon Lords, and evolving into a
highest-ranking demon is extremely difficult unless one relies on luck
and chance.

That was why Sylberthal had spent thousands of years cultivating and
modifying Etincelle and Neige.

Although it was with the help of the highest-ranking \[Demon Beast\]
Rinne, Yurushia, who had reached the highest rank of demon in just a few
years, was extraordinary, and the fact that even the demons under her
command were evolving into the highest rank of demon was an abnormal
situation that could disrupt the power balance of the Demon World.

Thud!!

‘Ugh!’

A black horse-like leg burst out from inside, breaking through the
flesh, and Neige's large body was blown.

Nevertheless, Neige immediately regained her posture and braced herself.
In front of Neige, a horse's hind leg emerged from Nia's mass of flesh
in the same way, and it was trying to stand up like a newborn foal.

‘………’

AIt was the perfect opportunity to attack. But Neige couldn't move.

It might seem easy to crush it just by looking at its appearance.
However, the immense magical power emanating from the new "magic core"
inside Nia caused Neige to hesitate for a moment.

Nia's figure blurred. And Neige saw something— No, maybe what she saw
was just an afterimage.

"Eh!?"

The front and hind legs of a gigantic horse emerge from the mass of
flesh and galloped across the earth.

The centaur-shaped demon, clad in a jet-black armor that writhed like
biological cells, left all sound behind as soon as it appeared, and
without even allowing the astonished Neige to react, a jet-black spear
pierced her heart's magic core with pinpoint accuracy.

＊＊＊

A tremendous amount of magical power gushed up from the dark coal tar,
and from its center, a young man rose up as if ascending onto a stage.

Smooth, flowing brunette hair.

His skin was as smooth and lustrous as white jade.

With twisted jet-black ram's horns that shone like black onyx and a pair
of jet-black bat wings sprouting from his back, he had an
extraordinarily well-proportioned face that seemed otherworldly. As he
lazily licked his jet-black tongue across his bright red lips, he slowly
opened his jet-black eyes, in which only red light flickered like a
flame, and he grinned maliciously, baring his pitch-black fangs.

Elegantly brushing the dust off his ornate black military uniform, the
young man gave a slight smile to the tanned beauty who was floating
above him and bowed with a pretentious gesture.

"I apologize for the wait, Etincelle."

"…Is that your true form, Noah?"

Even from Etincelle's perspective, who had evolved into a \[Demon
Lord\], the new "existence" Noah felt like an equal.

His appearance was the ideal form of a demon that people feared, and
Etincelle even found it beautiful, albeit distorted.

However, to be honest, she was dumbfounded. Not at them, who had easily
evolved into beings that could be called the highest rank.

She was dumbfounded at the "absurdity" of Yurushia, who had "designed"
them to be that way.

The direction of a demon's evolution is first determined when it evolves
from a larval stage into a lower-level demon. They choose a lower-level
demon such as an insect type, beast type, imp, or gremlin, and then
evolve into a higher species from there.

Therefore, evolving into a 'completed species' from the beginning, like
Yurushia's followers, would be like raising a newborn human baby on
nothing but raw meat and muscle-enhancing drugs, and no matter how many
billions of times it was repeated, it would almost certainly result in
failure.

Etincelle, who had become a Demon Lord, realized the absurdity and
madness of Yurushia, who had done this without hesitation, and she was
both dumbfounded and terrified.

A demon that was predetermined to evolve into the highest rank from the
beginning must have a broken creator.

However, Etincelle's sense of superiority remained unshaken.

Even though he had become a Demon Lord of equal rank, Etincelle felt
that she, who had been designed by Sylberthal, was still superior as a
demon.

If they fought honestly, she would surely win. That's why Etincelle did
not attack Noah, who was in the process of evolving, out of her pride as
an absolute superior.

But the observation was over. Even though she didn't believe that
Yurushia, who had been destroyed by Sylberthal, would be resurrected as
Noah had said, she couldn't spend time on just Noah alone, as she had to
deal with multiple Demon Lords, even if they were newly evolved.

But what is this composure of Noah's? It's hard to imagine that a demon
like Noah wouldn't understand the strength of his opponent.

Just as Etincelle felt a desire and excitement for battle from evolving,
did Noah also desire battle with excitement?

(However…)

It doesn't matter anymore.

She will destroy the demons under Yurushia before Sylberthal returns
after defeating Rinne, and get praised for her successful evolution.

"Now, enough playing, Noah."

As Etincelle declared quietly, not only the earth but also the
atmosphere and water burned, creating hell on earth.

The Evil God of Flame—Etincelle, the "Destroyer."

The flames that flared up upon the declaration of its existence
instantly raised the temperature in Sylber Kingdom and surrounding
countries by tens of degrees, incinerating hundreds of thousands of
living things to death in an instant.

As her pure white eyes looked down on Noah, Noah smiled and pointed
behind Etincelle.

Thud...

"...?!"

A pitch-black spearhead was protruding from Etincelle's chest. What had
happened...? There should have been only herself and Noah around here.

Etincelle slowly looked behind her, and there, a fully armored demon
holding the corpse of the giant wolf—Neige—in one hand was piercing her
with a spear directly from behind.

A demon with armor of exactly the same magical wavelength and size as
Noah. Was that why she hadn't noticed its presence? The jet-black armor
trembled as if laughing and began to crumble, peeling away, revealing a
beautiful girl with brunette hair, lustrous jet-black skin, and slightly
sleepy eyes, who was grinning with a seductive face, just like a
succubus.

"Niaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

Thud...

Etincelle shouted her name and tried to counterattack despite being
pierced around her magic core, but Noah's hand chop pierced her magic
core from the front.

"N...oa..."

"Even someone like you wouldn't be able to defend against it
unconsciously, would you?"

"It's because I'm absorbing your magical power, brother."

"That's right, thank you, my dear sister."

"Aha..."

"Hahaha"

"Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!"

Etincelle was sandwiched between the male and female demons with the
same face, laughing wildly.

Two people as one. An incubus and a succubus. Twin demons designed as
such. Even if you won individually, if you fought one half, you would
have to deal with both.

With their mocking voices, Neige's corpse rotted away, and Etincelle,
hand outstretched, had her magic core shattered and disappeared without
being able to reach anything.

At that moment—

“!?”

Noah and Nia, as well as Fannie and Tina who were in a separate location
from them, and Geas and Onza who were running away with several Great
Demons, all turned their faces towards the sleepless city of Veil in the
Sylber Kingdom’s capital at the same time.

＊＊＊

A long, giant crack ran through the sky of the sleepless city of Veil,
and a huge, tattered black beast fell from it.

As a black stone pillar that stretched up from the ground pierced it and
fixed it up in the air, a sunlight-like light burst forth from the crack
in the sky, and a black-haired beauty in a pure white dress appeared.
Without caring about her half-burned face and missing right arm, she
flashed a joyous smile.

"Well done, children, to have defeated those four. As a reward, I shall
face you directly. Be honored."

The sunlight dispelled the "darkness" that was covering Sylber Kingdom,
and finally, Sylberthal, the oldest Demon Lord of the Demon World, the
\[Mad Princess\], had returned.

Beside her, the mouth of the dark beast impaled by the stone pillar
trembled slightly.

“...Yu..rushia…”


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0019.md)

