[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0015.md)



# Chapter 14: Tina Awakens (1)

While the oldest \[Demon Lord\], Sylberthal, the \[Mad Princess\], was
engaged in a battle against the \[Dark Beast\], Rinne, within her
personal realm, \[Hellgate\], the demons under Yurushia’s command, who
had lost their mistress, were engaged in a massive and bloody battle
against the demons loyal to Sylberthal, involving humans across the
entire Sylber Kingdom.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!"

Several towns and cities had already been destroyed, and tens of
thousands of people and soldiers had been killed. The people of the
Church were now terrified of the demons.

Amidst this chaos, a shadow raced straight from the outskirts of the
Church towards the capital. This demon, with its ugly, twisted, and
elongated limbs, sped along on all fours like a spider, leaving behind
petrified cities and forests in its wake, casting an unnatural darkness
over the land that was once known as the land without night.

As this demonic embodiment of fear and darkness approached the heart of
the Church, a maid with cold beauty stood in its path.

"So, here you are, Tina," said Leyon, one of Sylberthal's Arch Demon
subordinates, the \[Flash Blade Princess\], her voice filled with
disgust at Tina's transformed appearance and her true nature. "You're
nothing more than a minion of a lowly upstart, after all. I'll destroy
you just like I would your master."

At these words, Tina stopped and turned her face, now covered in
countless snakes, towards Leyon.

"Die."

Leyon's golden hair ruffled and thousands of blades of light were fired
from it, cutting up the area where Tina was standing, several dozen
meters away, sending up a huge cloud of dust.

In that instant, the vast cloud of dust lost its color and turned to
stone. Not only that, but a wave of petrification swept over Leyon,
turning the earth and plants into stone.

"Ha!"

Leyon shook off her golden hair, transforming it into a giant blade and
slashing away Tina's curse.

"Gaaa!"

The gray dust blew away and the deformed Tina leapt out.

Tina attacked Leyon from above with the snakes on her head, and Leyon
countered by spinning her hair into blades and cutting through Tina's
snakes.

"Aaa!"

"Ha!"

They leaped at each other simultaneously. Leyon's kick caught Tina in
the cheek, and Tina's fist pierced Leyon's abdomen, sending them both
flying hundreds of meters and kicking up a massive cloud of dust.

"......"

Leyon, her face sour, pushed herself up from the ground where she had
been embedded. Her gaze fixed on Tina, a few hundred meters away, who
was also rising to her feet. Leyon spat out a mouthful of dirt.

Of the four aides, Leyon is the youngest and has the weakest fighting
ability.  However, Leyon believed she was superior to Tina, even though
Tina was said to be the strongest under Yurushia. With enough time,
Leyon was confident she could defeat her.

However, with their master gone, Tina and the other demons had abandoned
their pride and transformed into monstrous beings to defy Sylberthal's
army, and when they actually fought, Leyon felt that in terms of
strength alone Tina was approaching that of Neige, the second strongest
of the high-ranking demons.

Despite this, Leyon, with her greater experience, had several strategies
to win. However, as she pondered how to achieve a complete victory
without compromising her pride as one of Sylberthal's closest
subordinates, she suddenly sensed multiple magic reactions.

"What is it, you lot?"

As Leyon asked in a matter-of-fact manner, with a blank expression on
her face, a voice came from the surrounding space.

"What are you dawdling for?"

"Isn't that one of Yurushia's high-ranking demons? Let us have a piece
of the action."

"That's right. We're supposed to follow you, but we're basically
equals."

"If you waste any more time and we can't finish this off before
Sylberthal returns, how will you explain it?"

From the space, a young girl, a flippant-looking man in his twenties
wearing dark glasses, an old man with a long white beard, and a
seductive woman in her late twenties appeared. They were high-ranking
demons under Sylberthal, not as powerful as Leyon or Tina, but with
magic power levels surpassing Geas and Onza.

"Weren't you chasing after the bear and rabbit?"

"They kept running away,"

"There's no point in ten of us going after such a weakling like Rose, is
there?"

"So, we left two of the guys who lost the bet and came to help you and
Nui."

"Is there a problem with that?"

"Do as you please."

Leyon couldn't help but sigh at the arrogance of these demons who had
come to claim a share of the glory without even going to see Etincelle
or Neige, who were beings beyond the realm of ordinary Arch Demons.

Seeing that they were determined to help, Leyon stepped aside, allowing
them to handle the situation. A twisted, demonic smile appeared on the
human-like faces of the newcomers.

"Here she comes."

At Leyon’s words, the four high-ranking demons scattered instantly. Tina
didn't pay any attention to them and tried to attack Leyon, but the man
with the black glasses kicked her head from the side.

"Ha ha!"

"My turn next!"

The young girl breathed, and a foul-smelling smoke rose from around Tina
as if she had been burned by acid. Sensing this, Tina took to the air,
but the old man with the white beard attacked her with huge dragon arms.

"Gaaa!"

Tina countered with the snakes on her head and cursed the old man with
petrification, but the seductive woman dodged the attack using a thin
cloth as a decoy. Seizing the opportunity, the girl and the man jumped
behind Tina and knocked her to the ground.

In terms of strength, each of them had only about half the fighting
power of Tina. However, when they formed a party of four and covered
each other, they easily toyed with Tina, who was supposed to be
stronger.

“...”

Leyon watched, her expression sour. While Tina had become stronger by
losing her sanity and transforming into a monster, it was only to
counter opponents like Leyon. If Tina were still sane, she wouldn't be
struggling so much.

It annoyed Leyon to see Tina, her prey, being defeated by such
weaklings, but she decided to stand by and watch, as they had said it
was dangerous to leave Tina alive until Sylberthal returned.

＊＊＊

Tina's consciousness was enveloped in pitch-black darkness. In that
void, devoid of sight, her heart was consumed by rage and despair.

Having lost their creator, their mother, and the golden sun that
illuminated their demonic world, Tina's mind had descended into madness.
Despite their immense power and abilities, Tina and her fellow servants
were merely children, barely a decade old. In her current state, Tina
was no different from an infant crying over the loss of her mother.

Driven solely by the desire for revenge, she had been rampaging,
consuming even her own soul to fuel her power. After countless battles
against powerful demons, her existence was beginning to wither.

As Tina cried out in the darkness, a figure silently appeared behind
her.

"...Pathetic."

The shadow that muttered this slowly appeared in the darkness,
resembling Tina…No, it was younger than the current 14-year-old Tina—a
child of about seven.

"'Having consumed me to gain my knowledge and form, what are you
doing?'"

It wasn't Tina.

It was the remnant of Christina's soul, the sacrifice who had been
summoned from the human world. Her body had been taken as a vessel, and
even her remaining soul had been devoured.

It was unclear why a remnant of Christina's soul still existed. Perhaps
Tina had intentionally left it, or perhaps Christina's soul had resisted
the demon. Whatever the reason, Christina's soul, standing in front of
Tina who was sobbing in the darkness, slapped her.

"'Pull yourself together!'"

“...”

Tina was silent, her vacant eyes slowly focusing on Christina.

"'What have you seen? What have you done? I have seen the world through
your eyes. I'm just a memory now, unable to be reborn, but I've watched
all your battles.'"

Grasping Tina's collar, Christina looked into her eyes.

"'I hated Yurushia. I hated her for taking everything from Lady Athena.
That hatred was all that remained of me. You thought you had consumed my
hatred, but even after merging with you, my memories remained.'"

As Christina expressed her hatred for Yurushia, a flicker of light
returned to Tina's eyes.

"'I still hate her. But... Yurushia... Lady Yurushia saved Athena in the
end. Not her body, but she saved Athena's lost hopes. She fulfilled her
wishes and made her happy... That's all that matters. Because of that, I
still hate her, but my resentment has disappeared. And yet...'"

Christina grabbed Tina again and started strangling her.

"'What are you doing? What are you doing? What have you seen? Do you
really think Yurushia would be so easily defeated?'"

"......"

At those words, Tina's eyes regained their focus, and she grabbed
Christina's hand that was choking her.

"'I... don't think so!'"

"'That's right. You... more than I... more than I love Lady Athena, you
love Lady Yurushia, don't you? So why are you giving up? If Yurushia
returns and has to fight that monster, Sylberthal again, who will help
her?'"

"I... will!"

"'That's right... So why are you losing here? Are you going to let
Leyon, who has belittled you... no, us... win?'"

"I won't!"

"'Then let me help you.' "

Releasing Tina's neck, Christina smiled softly, a smile no one had ever
seen before.

"'Absorb me once more. Don't just eat me, but truly become one. To save
Yurushia, who saved Athena. I'm just a remnant of a soul now, but...
take my memories. Understand humans... Tina.'"

"......Yes, Christina."

The two grasped each other's hands, closed their eyes, and pressed their
foreheads together. As they merged, Christina's form disappeared into
Tina. When Tina opened her eyes, the darkness that had enveloped her
shattered into pieces.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0015.md)

