[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0004.md)



# Chapter 3: Madness' Lament (2)

"Subjugation target confirmed! Distance 800!"

"Magician, hurry up with the confirmation!"

"Confirmed! ... B-but that's absurd... impossible..."

"What is it! Report clearly!"

"Estimated threat level... above celestial disaster class... ... it's an
Arch Demon!"

The report sent shockwaves through the border garrison, including
Viscount Seeral’s army and Baron Goltorl’s army.

Contact with a town in the southwest of the Sylber Kingdom’s capital had
been lost, and when Baron Goltorl's forces went to investigate, they
found the town destroyed and reported sighting a 'demon'.

A monster capable of destroying a town would be classified as a
'disaster-class', such as a wyvern or an aged vampire. Judging that it
was beyond his capabilities, the baron immediately requested
reinforcements from the border garrison and the neighboring Viscount
Seeral.

If a disaster-class monster had appeared within the country, they had to
respond quickly, or other towns and villages would be sacrificed. The
border garrison and Viscount Seeral accepted the request, and the
formation of a subjugation army was swiftly carried out.

The gathered forces consisted of 48 resident knights and 450 soldiers
from the border garrison.

30 knights and 80 soldiers from Viscount Seeral's army.

25 knights and 120 soldiers from Baron Goltorl's army, totaling seven
hundred. Including rear support, it was a force of 1,500, more than
sufficient to deal with a 'disaster-class' monster.

...But.

"...Impossible..."

A middle-aged knight muttered.

The faces of the older knights and commanders turned visibly pale upon
hearing the report.

The 'Arch Demon' reported by the magician was the highest-ranking demon
commonly recognized by humanity. Its power was equivalent to that of a
'Celestial Disaster' class Greater Spirit, capable of causing natural
disasters, and the older ones still remembered a major incident where a
small country had tried to summon one and had been destroyed overnight.

A celestial disaster-class enemy was something that an entire nation had
to mobilize to subjugate, and the commander of the border garrison
advised that they should immediately request reinforcements from the
border earl and the knights of the royal capital, but the higher-ranking
nobles, Viscount Seeral and Baron Goltorl, would not allow it.

"What is one measly demon to us!"

"The soldiers of a nation ruled by a goddess will not lose to such lowly
demons!"

The border earl and the surrounding nobles were originally from small
countries that had been annexed by the church.

Although a hundred years had passed and their consciousness had already
become that of the people of the church, there was still a sense of
inequality between the border and the center, and the nobles of the
border hated being interfered with by the center.

"At least, to the border earl..."

"Enough!"

"To ask for the lord's assistance for something like this is
unthinkable!"

"...Understood."

The middle-aged commander, a knight baron, bowed deeply and gritted his
teeth, trying not to show his dissatisfaction with the words of the two
young lords in their thirties.

"Advance!"

The magician bestowed the sacred magic of \[Protection\] upon the
knights, and the soldiers chanted words praising the goddess Queen as
the infantry, armed with shields and spears, marched forward, shaking
the ground.

But... what was the point of all this?

“GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!”  

A roar that shook the atmosphere caused the trained warhorses to stiffen
and the weak-hearted soldiers to collapse, their souls seemingly
drained.

Those who saw the ‘enemy’ from a distance were filled with despair at
its form.

It looked like nothing more than a shape modeled after a human, yet
cloaked in darkness.

A pair of twisted, enormous horns like a goat grew from its head.

A writhing serpent's tail extended from its waist.

The demonic creature was dressed in an outfit resembling that of a
high-ranking knight, but its sinister aura had worn it down as if it had
been exposed to wind and rain for hundreds of years. And in its
dark-stained eyes, directed at its fragile enemies, a single red
pinpoint burned with hatred for the living.

Its appearance was the very image of a demon that humans feared, and as
the humans, paralyzed not by the fear of death but by the terror of
their souls being devoured, stopped in their tracks, the demon leaped
forward, tearing into the earth, and attacked with terrifying speed.

With a single flash, the long, curved claws slashed out, tearing through
dozens of soldiers armed with large shields like paper. The scattered
blood and flesh stained the soldiers behind them crimson.

“N-no... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!”

The frontline soldiers cowered and screamed, fleeing.

“Don’t run! Fight—”

Before the commander at the rear could finish his shout, he was torn
apart by the demon’s claw, and its writhing serpent tail crushed the
upper bodies of dozens more soldiers into bloody pulp.

There was no escape. And they couldn’t even attack.

The demon's movement speed was abnormally fast. The spears they threw
couldn’t even catch the demon’s afterimage, and they were killed as
easily as squashing bugs.

The demon's form changed.

Every time its claws tore through flesh and organs, every time it was
drenched in the scattered blood, and every time the souls of the slain
soldiers were devoured, its shoulders bulged, its arms and claws grew
distorted, its skin was covered in hard scales, and its two legs twisted
and changed into huge horse legs, increasing its speed as it trampled
the humans like crushing a swarm of spiderlings.

“Oh my god!”

There was no salvation. It was no longer a battle.

It was neither annihilation or subjugation, but simply ‘extermination’
by a stronger being. Or perhaps they were no more than ants accidentally
caught up in a child’s tantrum.

Having lost their function as an army, the humans cried out to God for
salvation and began to flee like scattered spiderlings.

“...AAAAAAA...”

The demon opened its mouth wide as if groaning, and flames ignited,
scattering sparks, as it breathed a torrent of extreme fire on the
fleeing humans.

One by one, like torches being lit, the humans burst into flames, and
the entire forest within sight was engulfed in a raging inferno that
spread across thousands of hectares.

As the flames scorched the sky and swirled like a vortex, a blizzard
suddenly swept in, instantly freezing the burning earth and forest into
a white icy landscape.

The immense blizzard quickly engulfed the area, and as the cold
approached the demon, it used its curse of ‘absorption’ to devour the
cold itself and ignited flames in its mouth once more.

In the deafening silence that followed the disappearance of the living,
the frozen ground creaked, and from deep within the frozen forest, a
woman with silver hair tied up and wearing a church-style maid uniform
approached with quiet footsteps, her eyes cold.

"Were you expecting me, Nia?"

With those cold, silver eyes and voice, the demon called Nia let out a
groan.

"...Ne...ge."

At that rusted iron-like voice and monstrous form, Neige's beautiful
face, which had been as still as a doll's, moved slightly.

"...I came to recruit you, but from the looks of it, it seems we won't
be able to have a 'proper' conversation."

"Neigeeeee!"

Flames erupted from Nia's mouth as she screamed.

Neige's eyes turned a deep darkness, her whites invaded by crimson. A
thin layer of silvery fur covered her porcelain skin, and sprouting wolf
ears and tail, she bared her teeth, creating a vortex of frost in her
bared mouth.

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!

The expelled flames and frost clashed, and the shockwave of the
exploding atmosphere shattered the frozen trees to pieces.

In the next moment, the two leaped up simultaneously and swung their
claws, their clash creating a thunderous clang and scattering violent
magical sparks.

They exchanged blows in midair, creating the sound of hundreds of
thunderclaps.

Landing on the ground, they moved at high speed, clashing their claws
together. Seeing her claws shattered by Neige's, Nia pulled a long iron
sword covered in magical energy from her mouth and slammed it into
Neige, gouging a furrow in the earth.

CLANG!

"......"

Neige didn't slow down, and she frowned slightly at her two broken
claws.

"...I was mistaken. It seems your true form is this..."

CLANG! CLANG!

"GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"  

Sparks flew violently between the newly created ice claws and Nia's long
sword, and a distorted smile appeared on Neige's usually expressionless
face for the first time.

"I've judged you to be a danger. Nia... I'll destroy you and your
demonic core right here."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0002.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0004.md)

