[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0033.md)



# Side Story 9: The Mystery of the Rabbit

"Master, it's the Year of the Rabbit."

"Oh..."

I gave a noncommittal reply to Tina’s sudden announcement.

I've heard of that somewhere. I think it was a custom on Earth.

...It's troublesome when you lose track of time. My memory is terrible.
I often find myself wandering off to another world to play... no, to
inspect it, and suddenly a hundred years have passed, and when I go back
home thinking, "Oh no!", only a few days have passed in this world...

Well, my butler, Noah, takes care of those kinds of details, so it's not
a problem...

"Huh? Where's everyone else?"

“They've gone out to pay New Year's greetings with Lord Rinne.”

"Oh…"

Wait a minute. Don't I have to go?

"It's the Demon Realm and the Abyss, so it should be fine."

"Oh..."

That sounds like they're just going to wipe out the enemy's fighting
force...

"More importantly, Master, it's the Year of the Rabbit."

"Yes, I know."

I don't really understand, but what should we do? I think it was a
ritual where we sacrificed an animal every year to summon mochi, right?

I wanted to ask Onza, who is from that world, or the new Arch Demon maid
about various things, but if they weren't there, there's nothing I can
do.

"So... what about the Year of the Rabbit?"

Whenever Tina has something to say when everyone else is gone, it means
she's up to something bad. (Prejudice)

I turned to face her again and asked, Tina, looking at a tablet
connected to her favorite other world, puffed out her (thin) chest
proudly with a smug look on her face.

"I've done some research, and apparently, there's a special event in a
certain world during the Year of the Rabbit."

"Oh..." (for the third time)

I wonder if there was such an event... I thought it was just a seasonal
custom where people would say, "It's the Year of the Rabbit." But since
it's been a while since I've been to that world, maybe something new has
started.

"Anyway..."

Anyway, what?

"Why don't we go on a little trip?"

"...Fine, I guess."

I guess I'll have to keep my head maid company this time. Maybe they'll
be serving some delicious rabbit soup?

"Are you going to try some, Master?"

"Of course not."

I don't eat things made by strangers!

So anyway...

"...Huh?"

We teleported to the world where this rabbit soup event was being held,
but... what is this?

It looks familiar, with skyscrapers and overpasses, but somehow
everything was broken and ruined.

"Earth...?"

"Huh? Is that what it's called?"

Is it wrong? No, even if it is correct it would be a problem.

"More importantly, Master, that's this year's zodiac animal, the
rabbit."

Boom!

When I turned to where Tina was pointing, a giant rabbit, far larger
than any skyscraper, was approaching from beyond the ruined buildings,
destroying them as it went.

"Rabbit..."

"The locals have started attacking."

From somewhere, humans dressed in "Yeehaw" costumes and carrying weapons
headed towards the gigantic rabbit.

This is the Year of the Rabbit event!?

"No way!"

"Come on, let's go too, Master."

"Oh, okay."

Apparently in this world, a giant zodiac animal attacks every year, and
defeating it is a tradition.

But how did they build those collapsed skyscrapers? Do they build the
same ones every year?

After that, we continued to defeat the giant rabbits that appeared one
after another, along with the locals, and we all shared rabbit soup
together.

In this world, people get their food for the year from this event.

What a crazy world.

“The winner of this year's competition is Princess Yurushia, who joined
in as a surprise participant!!"

“Wooooooooooooooooooooo!”

Oh, hello everyone.

Afterwards, we won the competition for defeating the most rabbits, and
apparently, a religion that worships me was created.

Humans are... strong creatures.

What should we do with this 2,000 tons of meat we've been given?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0033.md)

