[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0024.md)



# Chapter 23: The Lord has Come \<Finale\>

“Yaomatobi”

There was one final thing I needed to do. I called out its name, and as
if tearing through space, the Spirit King of
Light—\[Yaomatobi\]—appeared.

Even though Sylberthal, who had given it that name, was defeated,
Yaomatobi was still bound by it.

Even though Sylberthal had fallen into the Abyss and we can't fight her,
the forced servitude has been undone, so I don't think the Light Spirit
King will side with her anymore.

The reason the Light Spirit King had served Sylberthal in the first
place was because its other half, the Dark Spirit King, had been sealed
inside the Abyss. Now that the Dark Spirit King has been released, there
was no reason for Yaomatobi, with its equal power, to continue serving
Sylberthal.

Yet... I could still feel Yaomatobi’s hostility towards me.

…Well, I mean, I had eaten its other half, so it was only natural.

"Calm down."

I said quietly, releasing the power of the dark spirit within me

It was tainted quite a bit by my demonic aura, but even so, the dark
spirit energy I emitted caused Yaomatobi's anger to waver slightly.

Having consumed the Dark Spirit King, who was its other half, I was
probably a more hated existence than Sylberthal. But the Dark Spirit
King wasn't completely destroyed and its core lived on within me.

It was a mix of love and hate, a feeling of wanting to kill someone but
being unable to. It was like the subtle, humanly complex feeling of
hating an evil female executive who was your former lover's daughter.

"Yaomatobi—"

I quickly conveyed my request in the high-speed language of spirits, and
after a brief silence, Yaomatobi shone once as if in reply and returned
to the spirit world.

“Is everything settled?”

"Yeah, more or less."

I stroked Rinne, who was in his black cat form, in my arms.

Yaomatobi wouldn't obey me. It wouldn't be my ally. But it wouldn't be
my enemy either.

In short, I was treated similarly to Sylberthal, but the difference was
that the other four Spirit Kings wouldn't oppose me, since I’ve become
one of the six great attributes of the world, unless I tried to destroy
the entire world.

Until then, Yaomatobi said it would continue to manage the world as
usual. That was enough for me. As long as it didn't interfere with me, I
had no intention of being enemies with the Spirit Kings either.

So, what should we do now? Return to the Demon Realm or the Holy
Kingdom?"

"Let me see..."

Floating in the air, I looked out over the nearly destroyed capital city
of the Sylber Kingdom below.

The gently sloping mountains in the distance.

The vast blue sea.

"This place... isn't it nice?"

"Yeah, I've decided."

＊＊＊

The people of the Sylber Kingdom had seen hell.

Suddenly, multiple Demon Lord class demons appeared throughout the
country, attacking people and towns. At the same time, an abnormal
phenomenon caused the night to disappear, leading to a rise in
temperature, and air pressure disturbances resulted in numerous
tornadoes and storms across the land.

Faced with this unprecedented catastrophe, the people of the kingdom
turned to their goddess, the Queen, for salvation, but their prayers
went unanswered and the worst possible outcome occurred: the capital was
destroyed and countless lives were lost.

This disaster wasn't confined to the Sylber Kingdom, but all over the
world. People despaired, believing the end of the world had come, and
prayed for divine forgiveness.

But then, it abruptly ended.

The "daytime" that had enveloped the world was swept away by the
darkness of "night". As day and night flashed in conflict, the world was
enveloped in twilight, and the storms that had ravaged the people
ceased.

At that moment, people witnessed a miracle: golden light falling from
the sky, healing all living things.

They knelt and prayed to heaven.

There was a "God". They had not been abandoned.

They believed that the “voice” they had heard before the golden light
fell was the voice of God, and they wept with joy at the descent of the
new \[Goddess\].

＊＊＊

Months after Sylberthal's demise, the Sylber Kingdom was starting anew.

The war between me and Sylberthal had inflicted significant damage on
the kingdom. The Queen and the entire royal family had perished. Most of
the nobles who should have governed the people had also died, leading to
a breakdown in law and order. It seemed likely that the kingdom would be
divided as the surviving local nobles established their own countries,
but the people did not want that. The nobles, too, had witnessed the
destruction and sought a new leader. The surviving citizens, along with
those who had lost their homes in the surrounding areas, gathered
together and began to rebuild as a new nation.

It was no longer the "Sylber Church". The name of the new nation, which
worshipped a new goddess, was—

Holy Yuruyuru Kingdom.

Wait a minute.

"It is only natural, since our master will be the Queen."

"Ohhh.. Is that all you have to say?"

"W-wait, Master! You'll break it! If you do that any more, I'll be
destroyed!"

When I grabbed Tina's smug face and put my strength into it, the demon
lord let out a scream of genuine panic.

Noah and Nia were standing aside, pretending to be strangers to avoid
being caught in the crossfire, and Fannie had already disappeared. The
experienced butler, Geas, and Rose, who was in the form of a maid, had
already evacuated, but the unlucky Onza, who had been caught in my
demonic aura, was lying nearby, foaming at the mouth.

Perhaps because I had previously performed healing work within the
Kingdom in order to weaken Sylberthal’s power, and perhaps because they
had recognised me as the golden light, the people began asking me to
become their new Queen, as their new \[Goddess\].

Well, to be honest, I kind of wanted this country for myself. That's
fine, but... what do you mean the new church that's supposed to worship
\[Me\] has 'The Order of the Saint Who Brings Darkness to the Light' and
'The Order of the Saint Who Ignites Your Heart' as its parent
organizations?

What kind of god do you think I am? For a moment, Tina had a smug look
on her face again, so I pressed my fingers in a  little harder.

Also, the reason I wanted this country was that my lifespan was almost
eternal, so it was problematic to stay in the Holy Kingdom forever. To
that end, I decided to completely copy the "Queen System" that
Sylberthal had used.

She had maintained the country for hundreds of years without being
discovered by alternating between herself and her adopted Queen. There
were some problems with me using it as is, since I had more contact with
humans, but I’ll leave that to my capable subordinates.

So I left it all to Noah and the others, and they quickly gathered
together the surviving nobles and merchants, and created a nation in
just six months.

Of course, it wasn't that easy. There was a shortage of houses, food,
money, and labor.

To address this, I requested aid from the Holy Kingdom of Tariterudo, my
home country, and my subordinates brought in a large amount of seafood
and "labor" from somewhere.

I understand the seafood. I don't want to understand, but I do.

The seafood wasn’t brought here; it marched itself here.

And even now, the new "labor force," the new employees, are diligently
producing processed seafood products in the \[Paradise Lost (Lost
Eden)\].

Well, how should I say it... there’s something strange about this year’s
new recruits.

Until now, we only hired Greater Demons (university graduates), but due
to the enormous losses in that battle, we have newly employed tens of
thousands of Lesser Demons (high school graduates).

For some reason, all of them wear something like glasses, have kelp
wrapped around their necks tightly, and work 25 hours a day.

I wonder... I feel like I've seen this scene somewhere recently...

And so, as we began to operate as a nation, the official name of our
country was decided.

The Golden Holy Magic Kingdom—Yurushial—

...In the end, my name was included. I can't say anything when I'm told
it was decided by a popular vote.

And today, a coronation ceremony will be held to celebrate my
inauguration as the first Queen of Yurushial, with invitations sent to
friendly countries including the Holy Kingdom.

"Yuru as the Queen… is that really okay?"

—In this country.

Betty, one of my closest friends and the crown princess, turns her
troubled eyes towards me, her words trailing off...I'll return that
sentiment right back to you.

"Of course it's only natural for Your Highness Yuru to be worshipped as
both Queen and goddess! But why in such a remote place!? I’ll come here
myself if I have to!"

"Stop it."

Sherry, my other best friend, the fiancée of the hero and our group's
representative, snaps. But seriously, please stop. It would be a shame
for Noel.

Besides them, Rick and Noel were also here, as well as my father,
mother, grandparents, older sister Athena, and my younger brother Cyril,
along with Vio and their other attendants.

There are way too many members of the Holy Kingdom's royal family here..

Naturally, my uncle, the king, and his wife, Elea, were left behind. I
received a congratulatory letter and a scolding from Elea.

And secretly, one vampire and one dwarf friend have also come to visit.
One can't go out in the sunlight, and the other would make a human
explode just by touching them, so they can't appear in public!

My grandfather and father were in a terrible mood… not only is their
granddaughter and beloved daughter going abroad, but to avoid
interference from other countries, a formal 'engagement' for me as Queen
was necessary.

Well, I guess it’s a bit late to say this now, but my partner is Rinne.

Really, it’s so sudden that I thought other countries wouldn’t dare
interfere, but Rinne proposed it. I mean, as soon as I declared myself
Queen, multiple countries started sending marriage proposals, which
isn’t very fun, but you're the only person who can be with me for
‘eternity’, you know?

"Yurushia, are you ready?"

"Yes, Rinne."

Rinne held out his hand, and I gently placed mine on top.

Escorted by Rinne, who was dressed in an incredibly luxurious tropical
outfit, I walked down the corridor of the palace, which had been
completely rebuilt in just a few months. Walking beside me, Rinne
whispered to me in a voice that only I could hear.

"I know I can't tie you down, but are you really going to do this? You
could take it easy for a hundred years or so, right?"

"...Well, yeah. But if I wait that long, I won't know when the battle
will start. I feel bad if I don't keep my 'promises,' you know."

When I said that casually, Rinne sighed exaggeratedly.

The large doors leading to the terrace opened, and along with the light
came the voices of many people.

"The public coronation ceremony of Her Majesty Yurushia von Yurushial,
the first Queen of Yurushial, will now begin!"

When I appeared on the terrace, the assembled citizens cheered in
unison.

"Long live Queen Yurushia!"

"Glory to Her Majesty Queen Yurushial!"

"Prayers to the Holy Goddess!"

My people…

Among the people looking up, the demons who had replaced the nobles were
grinning wickedly.

My precious, precious people. My dear, beloved 'humans' (livestock) who
offer me their prayers, their sacrifices, and even their souls.

I gave them a loving smile, and the people's voices grew so loud that
they shook the ground.

I will love you... with all my heart.

So, offer your ‘souls’ to me, the \[Demon Princess\].

＊＊＊

Year 20XX. Earth.

In a world where science had rapidly advanced and eradicated threats,
humanity had forgotten the concept of "fear" and lost the "magic
essence" that is the lifeblood of the world.

As a result, \[Spirits\] and \[Demons\], beings that circulated
beneficial souls throughout the world, disappeared, and impure souls
were born endlessly as humans, slowly drawing the world towards
destruction.

If things continue as they are, the doomed \[World\] will activate the
\[True Demon Lord\], the world's reset mechanism, to avoid its own
destruction.

If that were to happen, all living beings except for a few
microorganisms would perish, and the world would return to a desolate
state subjected to acidic rain, like it was billions of years ago, or a
global glaciation, like it was hundreds of millions of years ago.

However, in the past, a "Golden Angel" had descended upon this world.

Appearing in the Far East, the angel, clad in black and with golden
wings, reminded people of the existence of “God” and instilled fear in
some of those who heard her voice.

"I will return," she said.

Because of this, humans regained a small amount of "fear," and the
world's destruction was narrowly avoided—or so they thought.

As time passed, and the people in power who had heard that “voice”
retired, humans forgot about "fear" again and began to waste "life"
recklessly.

Countless forests disappeared, countless plants and animals became
extinct, and the world began to stagnate.

The "warnings" left by those in power at the time remained, but the new
powers ignored such invisible threats and continued to invade others, in
order to protect their countries and their own power.

Then one day—

The world was enveloped in a great "night".

Suddenly, sunlight disappeared from the world, and the darkness of night
filled the entire globe.

The sun had not disappeared. It could still be observed from each
country's artificial satellites. But—its light did not reach the
surface.

It wasn't as if something had cast a shadow, like a solar eclipse. This
abnormal phenomenon, where sunlight simply didn't reach the surface,
caused a commotion in the media of each country and left scholars
scratching their heads.

For a day or two, humans who had lost their "fear" saw it as a
celebration, and with more time to drink, they even found the leisure to
enjoy this abnormality.

However, as the third day passed, then the fourth day, and then the
seventh day, problems arose not only with logistics but also with food
production. The temperature difference between the cooled ground and
seawater caused atmospheric disturbances, leading to abnormal weather
conditions in various regions.

As a result, people appeared everywhere, claiming that the world was
ending, and there was a surge in fraud and violence, causing a rapid
deterioration of public order.

People seeking salvation turned to temples instead of the police or the
state. However, instead of "prayers," these people uttered "complaints."

This also happened in Rome, the largest religious center in the West.
Protesters with placards held a massive demonstration in front of the
Vatican, and the media reported on it daily.

Was humanity going to be abandoned by God and perish in a world
enveloped in "darkness"?

And then, on the fourteenth day after "night" fell on the world, a
dazzling "golden" light suddenly appeared in the sky above the Vatican,
cutting through the night.

The golden glow grew stronger, pulsating like a heartbeat. Amid the
gazes of countless eyes, a beautiful "golden angel" descended from the
light, with golden wings and hair like golden threads.

People around the world who witnessed it realized that it was identical
to a photograph of the "Golden Angel" that had appeared in the past and
is now kept in the Vatican as a kind of holy relic.

The angel in the photograph had the appearance of a beautiful and
adorable girl of about twelve years old, but the newly appeared golden
angel had grown to be in her mid-teens by age, and her beauty, far
beyond that of the even more beautiful human, captivated many who saw
her and made them sigh in admiration.

"Oh, angel, messenger of God, please save us lost lambs."

The devout bowed their heads and prayed for the salvation of 'mankind,'
while the non-devout collected images and stirred up a commotion on the
internet.

The angel smiled lovingly and opened her arms as if to welcome a lost
child, and her golden wings spread as well. Small, baby-like angels
appeared from the light and began to play joyfully on small trumpets
resembling goat horns.

But the sound of those trumpets was not a "heavenly tune." The
discordant sound made the hearts of those who heard it uneasy, and
caused the weak-hearted to vomit.

Amid the discordant sounds played by the small angels, multiple figures
appeared behind the golden angel.

Ten butlers and ten maids lined up, with platinum, gold, silver, blue,
black, and brown hair, and skin of various colors.

How beautiful their appearances were.

And why did their appearance make one's heart uneasy...

That was just the beginning.

Suddenly, a huge, jet-black "beast" appeared, exuding an ominous
presence as if it had cut through the darkness of the night, and leaned
towards the golden angel as if to protect her.

Three butlers and five maids from among the attendants behind her
stepped forward, all exuding an incredibly evil aura, and transformed
from their human forms into grotesque shapes.

Guided by the sound of the trumpets blown by the small angels, who had
distorted from their cute appearance and revealed their true nature as
imps, a large number of monstrous "creatures" with the horns of a male
goat and the wings of a bat emerged from the darkness of night.

A horde of evil "demons".

6,660,000 lesser and greater demons filled the night sky, and behind the
golden angel, who was the only one smiling lovingly, two more pairs of
bat wings flapped, her white eyes turned dark, and she slowly revealed a
demonic smile that bared her dark fangs.

—I've returned as promised. Along with my army of demons.—

When that beautiful voice reached the "souls" of all living beings in
the world, the attendants behind her knelt while floating in the air.

As the 6,660,000 demons descended upon the earth, they sang their
'gospel' across the world, accompanied by the trumpets played by the
imps.

All people, come and worship

Shatter the hopes of man

And rejoice in the despair of this world

“—The ‘Demon Princess’ has arrived.—”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Author’s Note: Thank you very much for your continued patronage.

Although the main story of the Demon Princess will end here, we won't be
concluding it completely. Instead, we'll be continuing with a series of
incredibly silly and relaxed stories.

These will be one-shot parodies and comedies. Thank you for your
continued support.

This final chapter is a proper conclusion that continues from the first
part's finale.

It's a bit horror-themed (laughs).

So, the next one will be in a week or two.

On a personal note, I've changed jobs since the end of the year and have
been quite busy, so updates may be a bit irregular for a while. I
apologize for any inconvenience.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](Section0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](Section0024.md)

