[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0003.md)



# Chapter 69: Camping

"Elves, how unusual."  
  
They joined up with Aldey and Jim and asked the elves for more details.
The elves looked to be in their teens or twenties, but in reality they
were 100 to 300 years old. The leader was a woman named Mimi. There were
7 female elves and 3 male elves. They seemed to want to find a new
settlement in the Great Forest.  
  
"The ones who kidnapped our comrades were incredibly skilled users. Our
magicules were absorbed by the magic swords that the group used, and we
couldn't do anything."  
  
Aoi and Hisui looked at each other and nodded.  
  
"That's the Order of Chaos. I'll ask Anna to help you out too."  
  
Aoi noticed the elves were startled by her calling the Spirit Queen by
her first name and introduced Aldey again.  
  
"I'm sorry. This is Aldey, one of the Six Heroes, the Dragon Knight. I'm
Aoi, a knight of the Asura Kingdom, and this is Hisui, a knight of the
Asura Kingdom."  
"Oh, how reassuring to be able to get close to Lord Aldey. Thank you all
so much."  
  
Mimi bowed deeply.  
  
—  
  
The elves began butchering the Sky Dragon. The scales and fangs would be
materials for making armor. The meat was said to be very delicious.  
  
"It's almost dark, so let's eat today's portion of meat. We'll dismantle
the rest early tomorrow morning."  
  
Hisui created a kiln with earth magic. Jim made plates for everyone.  
  
"Jim has improved his skills."  
  
Jim gave a bashful smile after being praised by Aoi.  
The Sky Dragon meat was very tender and tasted incredibly delicious,
hard to believe it was just grilled and salted.  
  
"Aoi, I want some alcohol."  
  
Aldey looked genuinely disappointed. The elves were also relieved that
Aldey had offered to be their guardian and were eating the meat with
peace of mind.  
  
"But Jim, how lucky you are to be able to travel surrounded by so many
beautiful women."  
  
Jim replied immediately to Aldey.  
  
"No, I'm happy to be able to travel with Miss Hisui."  
  
Hisui shyly averted her gaze and pretended not to hear Aldey and Jim's
conversation.  
  
—  
  
At night, a wind user would keep watch. Aoi and Hisui took off only
their magic armor and entered the makeshift tent. The tent was a simple
one that could only protect them from rain and wind.  
  
"We'll be in the forest from tomorrow. I'm worried that the number of
monsters will increase..."  
"Well, there's no point in worrying about someone who can hold their own
against a Sky Dragon, right?"  
  
The howl of a Wao Wolf could be heard in the distance. Aoi peered into
Hisui's face and smiled.  
  
"Hisui’s gotten stronger. You might be even better than Jinrai in golem
combat."  
"No, it's all thanks to Aoi. I always get hints on how to get stronger
from you."  
"Same here, Hisui. I look forward to working with you in the future."  
  
Aoi winked.  
  
—  
  
The campsite was lively in the morning. The elves skillfully butchered
the Sky Dragon. It was a waste of meat, but they prioritized cutting out
materials that could be exchanged for money, since they couldn't carry
everything.  
  
"This should be enough."  
  
Mimi announced the end of the work and packed the dismantled items.  
  
"Are you sure you don't want any?"  
  
Neither Aoi nor Hisui needed the Sky Dragon materials, and they weren't
so short on money that they needed to exchange it for money. The same
was true for Aldey. Jim looked like he wanted some.  
  
"Sorry for the wait. Let's get going then."  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0003.md)

