[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0009.md)



# 268 The Monster in the Deepest Part

 Aria, the Kitty, and I were continuing to conquer the large dungeon.

 The conquest itself is going smoothly... or so I should say.

 The deeper we go into the large dungeon, the more complicated it
becomes, and the conquest speed should decrease unless we know the
correct route, but on the contrary, the progress speed has increased.

 The number of monsters is decreasing noticeably. I think that, as we
predicted, the monsters from the lower levels are heading to the deepest
level.

<br />
"Snow."

"...There are corpses remaining."

 For a moment, I didn't realize I was being called, and my reply was
delayed for a moment, but I understood what Aria wanted to say.

 In dungeons, monster corpses don't remain. There's a story that the
dungeon absorbs them, but in reality, I think it's because other
monsters eat them, leaving not even bones behind.

 The further we go, the less we see monsters, and instead, we started
seeing monster corpses.

 But, why are there monster corpses? Why are the monster corpses left
uneaten? That is...

"As expected, the culling has begun."

<br />
 Let's review our monster knowledge.

 Monsters are the end result of animals that have mutated from absorbing
too much aether. Even so, there are monsters that have mutated to such
an extent that they don't seem like ordinary animals, and it is said
that they have evolved by repeatedly passing on their monsterized state
through generations.

 Some of them were mutated by the magic of ancient elves, or are
creatures from realms with dense aether, such as the fairy realm, but
putting those aside, ordinary monsters are naturally aggressive and
attack and devour other creatures.

 It is said that monsters attack humans because it is efficient to prey
on humans, who are numerous and absorb a lot of aether, but I think it's
because humans have a high probability of possessing "magic stones."

 Confirming that speculation, all the monster corpses lying around in
the dungeon had their hearts devoured.

 Perhaps by eating the magic stones in the heart, the monsters are
trying to evolve themselves?

<br />
"In that case, do humans also become stronger by eating monster magic
stones?"

"I don't think that's possible. Humans are animals, not monsters, and
monsters don't even look at dead magic stones extracted from the heart."

<br />
 That's too much gluttony. I think they can't absorb the power unless
they devour the magic stone along with the still-beating heart. But...

<br />
"...Could we manage a monster the size of a rabbit?"

"............"

"Gaa."

 ――Stop――

 ――Fool――

<br />
 Oh dear, Kitty is angry at me. Did it think we might actually do it? It
seems that directly absorbing them is impossible unless you're a
monster.

 However, I don't think humans aren't absorbing them at all.

 The magic stone extracted from the heart of a dead monster is already
dead. I don't know what the difference is, but when a monster dies, that
"something" dissipates, and the person who defeated it may be
unconsciously absorbing it.

 Otherwise, there's no reason why a human who has reached Rank 5 can
fight griffons and wyverns on equal terms.

 Well, it's just my speculation. Like daily meals, I think it's
meaningless unless you ingest the right amount.

 If you mistake the right amount... perhaps ogres and orcs are mutant
species that became monsters from the human race in that way.

<br />
 ――Fool――

<br />
 That day... I happened to encounter a monster (rabbit) and tried to
dissect it alive, but was counterattacked, and the Kitty got angry at me
again.

<br />
 The next day, we rode on the Kitty and ran through the dungeon again.

 We didn't encounter any more monsters. There were some traps and mazes,
which were troublesome, but we passed through them using only the
Kitty's physical abilities.

 However, not encountering monsters also means we can't procure food.

 Aria's and my \[Shadow Storage\] still have food left, but the Kitty
doesn't. We gave all the monster meat we had hunted and saved up to the
Kitty, and just when we were getting tired of the simple barley porridge
with beans, dried vegetables, and a small amount of dried meat, we
finally saw the end of the dungeon.

<br />
"Is this the deepest part?"

"Probably."

 We went down a long staircase and entered a slightly larger space.

 Beyond a plaza that was probably just for preparation, there was a huge
double door made of metal.

 Aria and I were speaking less than necessary. The Kitty was also just
narrowing its eyes, and its fur was standing on end as if slightly
charged.

 The oppressive feeling coming from beyond the door... As we got off the
Kitty's back and walked closer, and thought about how to open that huge
door, at that moment――

<br />
 DOOOON!!

 With a roaring sound, something crashed from the other side of the
door, and the door buckled outward.

"――tsu"

 As we jumped back, the buckled door creaked open, and a huge humanoid
shadow revealed its form from inside.

 More than twice our height. I don't know how many dozens of times its
weight, it was...

<br />
"Goblin King...!"

<br />
 The highest-ranking species of the goblin family. Rank 6, comparable to
a Minotaur Murderer.

 The giant, with a combat power exceeding 3000, glared at us with
bloodshot eyes from the darkness of the door, and took a step forward.

 But...

<br />
"――Guaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

 A black spear that pierced the already blood-soaked Goblin King's
abdomen from the other side, the moment we realized it was a "snake,"
the giant body of the Goblin King, who reached out to us as if seeking
help, was easily dragged back into the depths by "something" as if being
fished up.

 The Goblin King, who was floating in the air like a fish on a line, was
crushed and killed by multiple huge jaws.

<br />
"......Snow."

 Aria-san probably doesn't have it in her knowledge. Called, I quickly
gave up trying to recall from my normal knowledge and remembered the
contents of the Leicester family's forbidden books that I had been
reading since I was a child.

 As a result of the culling among monsters, goblins, who survived from
the original humanoid monsters through cannibalism, evolved into Goblin
Kings.

 However, at the same time, it also culled the beast-type monsters, and
probably due to the intervention of the dungeon, a distorted life form
that should not have been born normally was created.

 A bear-like torso with scales, and six legs of various beasts.

 Black wings and black horns in a distorted shape.

 A long, stretched snake's tail and multiple heads like a lion, wolf,
and monkey.

 A desecration of life that should not be born naturally... that is...

<br />
"......Chimera..."

<br />
\[Chimera\] \[Race: monster\] \[monster Rank 7\]

\[Magic Value: 307/350\] \[HP Value: 1034/1180\]

\[Total Combat Power: 7306\]

<br />
『Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!』

<br />
------------------------------------------------------------------------

<br />
.

The monster at the deepest part is a Chimera.

The image is like the Chimera - Howl by Baku Yumemakura-sensei.

<br />
Volume 5 of this book has also been released safely. If there are any
left at the bookstore, please pick one up.

<br />
Volume 2 of the Demon Princess's book will be released on 2/2, and
volume 1 of the comic adaptation will be released on 1/6!

Thank you for your support.

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0009.md)

