[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0037.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



# 298 Reason for Resolve

*The battle against the hero is reaching its climax!*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

What I lacked... what I had forgotten was the "resolve to die."

But that's only one aspect of me. Why was my younger self fighting with
the resolve to die? Because I couldn't win otherwise.

Why did I have to win? It was to overcome fate. I'm not a puppet
controlled by fate. I am "me." To live as "me," I had to overcome fate.

So that even if I were to die, I would die as "me."

That is my resolve.

And for a weakling like me to win, I needed to kill the enemy without
the slightest hesitation.

What I had lost...

It was the deadly "killing intent" to ensure the enemy's death.

<br />
Sorry, Snow...

I won't make you fight alone anymore.

I pointed the black dagger made from the Dark Dragon's fang toward the
"enemy."

<br />
"Hero Klein... you will die here."

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
As the hero Klein was fighting, he suddenly felt a sense of unease.

(What’s up with this guy...?)

The atmosphere emanating from the pink-haired girl in front of him had
changed.

Adventurer Alia... Alicia Melrose. According to information obtained by
the Holy Church, she was a noble lady, a powerful figure regarded as the
Crown Princess's right-hand woman, and had even defeated high-ranking
demons.

<br />
But that wasn't the source of the unease. When Klein heard about her
from the Holy Church, he scoffed, assuming that Neidhardt and the others
had defeated the demons together, and wasn't particularly interested in
her beyond the fact that she was a young woman.

But from the moment they first met, he was convinced that she was "the
real thing."

It was no exaggeration; Alia truly had the power to defeat demons.

That's why he invited her to join his party on the spot. She was a
"hero-class" companion worthy of a hero, and he was convinced that she,
including her appearance, was perfect for him.

However, a woman who didn't listen to Klein was meaningless. What Klein
sought was a "beautiful doll" to adorn him as a hero's companion.

<br />
"Haaaaaaa!!"

She was wielding a black dagger comparable to a magic sword in her right
hand and manipulating a pendulum in her left, aiming for Klein's eyes.

A small weapon like a pendulum wouldn’t be able to penetrate the hero's
"blessing of light." Even that black dagger with its strange power
wouldn't be able to kill Klein in one hit.

But even a hero is human. His instincts as a living being made him
protect such a vulnerable spot as his eyes, causing him to follow the
pendulum with his gaze, and his eyelids tried to close as it approached.

In that instant, Alia's elbows and knees struck Klein's jaw and joints,
shaking his vision.

<br />
Alia's combat ability was astonishing, but only as a human; any
hero-class individual had at least one "trump card."

Even using that, Alia's combat ability was only half of Klein's, and a
mere physical attack wouldn’t be able to inflict serious damage on
Klein, but if he lost his balance because of it, the dagger would strike
in that instant.

Only Alia's black weapon could harm Klein.

That's why Klein unconsciously focused on it, putting himself in a
situation where he had to accept attacks of low threat.

And then...

<br />
"―\[Ice Whip\]―"

"Tch!"

Like a swarm of wraiths from the underworld, countless thorns entangle
and clung to Klein from all directions, forcing him to jump back while
slashing at them with his magic sword.

<br />
Another "hero-class," a snow-white woman... Snow.

She was the first one he saw. A hero-class magician who wasn't yet in
the hero's party. He had planned to acquire her along with Alia.

But this woman was hostile to Klein from the start. She directed killing
intent towards Klein many times, which was why Neidhardt was irritated.

<br />
Snow's "trump card" was probably the kind that converted life force into
combat ability. Because of that, her once-white hair had lost its luster
and turned black, and dark circles had begun to appear under her eyes.

But what made Snow troublesome isn't her combat ability, but how she
used her power.

Instead of simply spamming large-scale magic with her vast amounts of
aether, she occasionally used small magic with an expanded range,
fighting in a way that left no chance for escape.

Moreover, perhaps because the power had increased, the scattered cold
air subtly numbed his fingertips even when he deflected it with his
magic sword.

Even though the "blessing of light" would heal him, it felt like Klein's
magic and mind were being gradually eroded by lightning and frost, which
irritated him.

<br />
It was the part that formed the foundation of Klein's personality... the
"self" that was always dissatisfied before Klein was born, rising to the
surface.

The past memories, which were nothing more than records to Klein,
resonated with his irritation, causing him to feel "dissatisfaction"
with the girls who defied him.

<br />
"...Damn bitches."

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
Alia has gotten serious... No, that's not quite right.

Like me, Alia, who was nothing, was about to lose something. She
regained it through the existence of an "enemy" she had to kill.

An unwavering resolve also needed a "core" to create it.

What Alia and I resonated with on that day long ago...

It was "anger" towards the world.

<br />
The "hero," an existence created by that world solely for the sake of
harmony.

What they protect isn't the human world, but the world itself.
Conversely, someone who is willing to die "for the sake of people" will
never be chosen as a hero.

<br />
The world is right. But it's also wrong.

At least to me...

<br />
Alia's movements have begun to change. Unlike her previous method of
fighting to neutralize, she’s shifted to a method of fighting to whittle
down.

A close-quarters battle that risks her life, not allowing Klein to
unleash his deadly attacks.

Klein is superior in physique, skill, strength, and speed.

Within that, Alia slammed her black dagger into Klein's magic sword as
if throwing herself into its path, deflecting the attack while only Alia
was wounded by the shock of the scattering magic. She kicked his heel
with her knee to disrupt his posture, and used the black dagger as a
decoy to strike his temple with her elbow.

<br />
"...Damn bitches!"

Klein revealed his emotions and shouted vulgarities. His entire body
began faintly glowing, and the wounds were healed by the blessing of the
light spirits.

The power of the hero given by the spirits to fight "demon lord-class"
enemies, such as evil dragons and great demons that could destroy the
world.

Even so, it couldn’t heal the spirit that had been whittled away by
Alia.

<br />
"...*Cough*."

The blood that spilled from my mouth stained my chest. Having healed my
body enough to move, I drew magic from my soul to assist Alia.

But at that moment, Alia looked at me for a fleeting moment, just as I
did her.

...You have quite high expectations of me.

Very well... I'll show you the real me that you know.

<br />
You might be thinking that even if problems arise from killing the hero,
you can just die to take responsibility...

But I won't let you do that. "I" will be the one to kill the "hero."

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
Evading the magic sword swung by Klein, and receiving the kick launched
at me with my own knee, I took my distance as if being blown away.

In that instant, as Klein swung his magic sword at deadly range, the
four pendulums I manipulated with my left hand struck his joints,
allowing me to dodge the slightly off-target blow, and I closed the
distance again.

"You're annoying!"

Klein swung his magic sword, trying to forcibly create distance. With
nearly double the combat ability, merely parrying it is a life-or-death
situation.

But little by little... only a little, but I'm becoming able to cope
with it.

Is Klein's spirit being eroded, causing his techniques to become
rougher?

Am I starting to get used to Klein's attacks?

Both are probably true. But that's not all.

<br />
*Clang!!*

I parried a blow from the magic sword, but was pushed back by its power
and forced to take distance. I leaped back and landed without closing
the distance again.

I slowly exhaled and deactivated "Iron Rose," then sheathed the black
dagger on my waist, beckoning Klein with my finger as if to provoke him.

<br />
"You damn bitchhh!!"

Having his mind worn down, Klein, visibly enraged, released magic from
his entire body and charged forward while brandishing his magic sword.

I understand. In this state, it's nothing more than suicide. But...

"Gah―"

I had a "conviction."

I barely deflected the tip of the magic sword that was thrust straight
at me with a fist infused with a slight amount of the power of "silver",
allowing the magic sword to pass by the side of my head. As a few
strands of hair were severed, I struck Klein's face with a palm strike.

<br />
"―!?"

Klein's face contorted in confusion rather than shock.

You wouldn't understand... not in a lifetime.

Having used Iron Rose and illusory magic countless times, I have become
able to use the "silver" of "Reality Breaker" for a fleeting moment.

Even so, my hand’s now more numb from delivering the palm strike due to
the difference in combat ability.

"Dieeeee!!"

Even as he swung his magic sword fueled by anger, I deflected it with a
fist infused with a momentary "silver," and stepped on Klein's leg as he
tried to kick me, kicking him in the face.

"Ugh!?"

<br />
It's not that my speed has caught up. It's not that my power has
increased.

But attacks that can't be followed by sight can be read by sensing them.
The destination of the attack can be seen through the flow of magic.

My stats haven't increased.

I had the feeling that my skills were gradually improving within me.

<br />
"Damn you!!"

Klein's sword speed increased, and the wind pressure and aftereffects of
the magic alone wounded my shoulders and arms, and blood dripped from my
cheek. But I can't be killed.

The reason I sheathed the dagger was to distract him. By losing sight of
what he had been focusing on, the dagger, a slight gap has been created.

I understand your techniques now, Klein.

Your techniques lack "might." You lack experience in fighting opponents
stronger than yourself. That's why, even with the difference in combat
ability, I can deflect your attacks like this.

<br />
Techniques (skills) are engraved not only on the body through repeated
practice, but also on the soul.

I have engraved techniques on my soul by understanding the enemy and
risking my life in battles against stronger opponents.

But your techniques are merely engraved and lack depth.

That's because your techniques are "borrowed" from the spirits.

<br />
\[Alia (Alicia)\] \[Race: Human Female\] \[Rank 6\] 1Up

\[Magic Power: 145/420\] 10Up

\[Stamina: 121/320\] 10Up

\[Strength: 11 (18)\] 1Up

\[Endurance: 11 (18)\] 1Up

\[Agility: 20 (32)\] 1Up

\[Dexterity: 9\]

\[Dagger Art Lv.6\] 1Up

\[Martial Arts Lv.6\] 1Up

\[Throwing Lv.5\]

\[Archery Level 3\]

\[Defense Lv.5\]

\[Thread Manipulation Lv.5\]

\[Light Magic Lv.5\]

\[Dark Magic Lv.5\]

\[Non-Attribute Magic Lv.6\] 1Up

\[Life Magic x6\]

\[Magic Control Lv.6\] 1Up

\[Intimidation Lv.5\]

\[Stealth Lv.5\]

\[Night Vision Level 2\]

\[Detection Lv.5\]

\[Poison Resistance Lv.3\]

\[Abnormal Resistance Lv.5\]

\[Simple Appraisal\]

\[Overall Combat Power: 3356 (During Body Enhancement: 4536)\] 773Up

<br />
Gah―

"―!"

Finally, my palm strike bypassed Klein's defense and shook his jaw
greatly. At that moment―

"Tch!"

Klein tried to evade not me, but the enormous amount of aether that had
erupted from behind him, but his brain, which has been shaken
repeatedly, wouldn’t allow it.

In the instant I leaped back and saw Snow, who had trusted me and was
increasing her aether, smiling and with her black hair flowing, her
white fingertips gently pointed at Klein.

<br />
"―\[Thunder Break\]―"

<br />
In that instant, countless bolts of lightning rained down from the sky,
converging into a single, massive bolt of lightning that stuck Klein.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0037.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

