[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0018.md)



# 277 That Which Approaches the Viscount's Territory

The Dandorl March, known as the Northern Capital. It had prospered as a
trade center from the start, but in the past few years, peculiar goods
for women have begun to appear.

New cosmetics, clothing, and household goods. Initially, they were only
accepted by female adventurers who loved novelties, but they quickly
spread to aristocratic daughters and female knights, gaining great
support, especially among relatively wealthy young women.

"……Come to think of it, I was recommended various things at that dwarf's
armor shop."

"Is that so?"

"Aria... aren't you wearing some too?"

Aria really has little interest in that sort of thing....

<br />
Anyway, until then, cosmetics were limited to scented oils and face
powder, underwear was limited to drawers, and it was normal for rural
villages not to have underwear until after the age of ten, but now, from
expensive items for nobles to cheap items for commoners, anyone can
obtain them if they want.

The Dandorl family was the first to create these items. Rumor has it
that it was a young lady who was not even ten years old yet.

<br />
This land we arrived at is a small viscount territory a few days south
of the Dandorl domain.

One city and two post towns. Otherwise, it's just ten villages and large
cotton fields, too small to even be a barony; it seems to have
originally been under the direct control of the Dandorl family.

As far as Aria has investigated, this land, governed by a vice-baron who
is a vassal of the Dandorl family, was a place to create new products
for the Dandorl family, but this land was made the territory of a new,
young viscount.

<br />
"……Indeed, we were favored by the young lady, and we were all really
looking forward to her becoming queen, but if the young lady becomes the
lord of this land, we must also support her."

An old man (Samantha's child’s generation) from a stall in the post town
said so earnestly.

Samantha, who was much older than the quite elderly old man, tried to
charge into the tavern as soon as she arrived at the post town and was
restrained by Aria's pendulum.

"Samantha. If you're going to drink, eat something while you do."

"More massive amounts of mutton again! A demon wife!"

……Is this what peace means?

<br />
Anyway, it seems the young lady is adored by the people, perhaps because
it was originally under direct control, she gave them work, and showed
her face many times.

By the way, the lord of this "Lovino Viscount Territory" is a former
prince, but perhaps the people don't even know his face?

Well, considering the circumstances, he will likely never appear on the
public stage as a noble in their generation. Still, there was a high
chance that he would have died in the battle between me, Aria, and the
demon, so just being alive without being confined is better.

Although, I shouldn't be the one saying that, considering I tried to
kill everyone in the royal capital.

<br />
"Snow. I'm going to show my face at the adventurer's guild. What about
you?"

"Where's the old woman?"

When Aria, who had returned, said that, I tilted my head at the
existence of the old woman, who had disappeared without my noticing.

"Samantha is old, so I'm having her stay at an inn nearby today. I think
she's drinking on her own."

"Well... isn't that fine?"

<br />
Come to think of it, that's right. Aria is treating Samantha like a
normal old woman, and I was surprised by that.

"More importantly, there's an adventurer's guild in such a small post
town?"

"Basically, they're in cities with lords, but these kinds of post towns
also have branch offices with equipment for emergency communication."

"Heeh……"

<br />
Long-distance communication magic tools are expensive because they use
valuable adamantite, but the price seems to be proportional to the
communication distance, and in such a small territory, there seems to be
only one that can communicate with the royal capital from the guild in
the territory's capital.

However, that's for making calls, and if it's just something that sends
short messages like the ones in the magic academy, mithril can be used
instead, and such things can be placed even in these post towns.

Well, it's military supplies, so not just anyone can buy them; the
general public needs state permission.

<br />
"Here it is."

While we were talking about that, we found the adventurer's guild branch
office.

What can I say... it's just a private house. When we went inside, there
was only one middle-aged male employee, and a man who looked like a
traveling merchant was talking to the employee.

The guild's branch office also buys magic stones from low-rank monsters
defeated by traveling adventurers, residents, and travelers. If you're
just selling magic stones, it's a bit more expensive, but you don't need
to register as an adventurer.

Is this traveling merchant here to sell magic stones, or to make a
request? As I wondered that and observed the situation, it didn't seem
like a peaceful atmosphere.

<br />
"—So, do something about it already!"

"That's why, you need to tell this to the guard post or the lord."

"I have told them, but it's been a long time!"

"The number of soldiers is limited... I think we can only wait for
knights to come from Dandorl."

"When will that be!?"

"The lord is requesting for help, but no one is accepting the request."

<br />
"……What's wrong?"

It seemed like it would become troublesome, but Aria, sensing that the
conversation wouldn't end, called out, and the traveling merchant turned
around before the employee.

"Young ladies, are you adventurers? If so, get rid of those bandits!"

"Hey, what are you saying to these young girls!?"

The employee with common sense started arguing with the traveling
merchant who was trying to force the bandit subjugation on two young
women rather than ignoring the guild.

Well, it can't be helped. Aria is cute after all.

<br />
"What's wrong?”

<br />
"“――!?”"

The two froze at Aria's words, which she repeated without changing her
expression or tone. I think even a rank 3 monster would freeze...

"Actually……"

The employee told us.

Bandits have been appearing in this area recently. I thought bandits
were just farmers who couldn't get land, or a side job for farming
villages during the off-season, but according to the traveling merchant
who interrupted the conversation, there's a powerful guy leading them,
and they're quite organized.

In other words, a group of people like a soldier squad or mercenary
band, only in name bandits, are attacking only merchant caravans without
even glancing at travelers.

They know this territory is making a lot of money and are completely
targeting it.

Are they really bandits...?

<br />
This territory has soldiers, but the number is limited in this small
viscount territory, so it must be tough. If they only patrol the roads
with a small number of soldiers, they might be counterattacked by
organized bandits.

The Dandorl family should have attached a knight order for the sake of
their daughter and the former prince, but even for them, guarding the
two takes priority, and their number isn't large either.

The young lady has asked the adventurer's guild, but after a rank 2
adventurer was counterattacked once, the employee said that even rank 3
adventurers are hesitant.

<br />
"Snow."

"Yes, yes."

It can't be helped... Even though she doesn't trust others, she can't
leave them alone.

I honestly don't care. I have no interest in toys that are out of my
hands.

But... if that's what you want to do, I'll gladly go to the depths of
hell.

<br />
"We'll take that request."

When Aria said that, the employee and the traveling merchant looked
surprised, but when Aria showed her rank 5 tag, their eyes widened and
they fell silent.

Besides... I said they were strangers, but it's not like they are. I owe
the princess a bit too.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0018.md)

