[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0002.md)



# 261 Snow White of Thorns

Since the main story is complete, this will be the after story.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<br />
The adventurer party "Rainbow Sword"――.

They are one of the leading Rank 5 parties in the great kingdom of
Claydale on the Sars Continent, with a tradition spanning over a century
and an unparalleled success rate in completing requests in the kingdom.

The best and the strongest――. However, the reputation cultivated over
those long years was now about to become a new "legend" thanks to a
certain young girl.

<br />
"GIIIGAAAAAAA!!"

The wyvern soaring in the sky bared its fangs and roared menacingly.

Rainbow Sword received a request to investigate and exterminate a swarm
of wyverns that had appeared in the monster habitat north of the kingdom
and were approaching the kingdom's territory.

However, the information was delayed, and the swarm of wyverns had
already moved in search of feeding grounds. Rainbow Sword hurriedly
caught up with the swarm heading towards the nearest town and began
fighting just before the town.

<br />
"Don't let a single one get to the town!"

At the voice of the leader, Dalton, the party members began to act.
There were six wyverns, and the town was only a short distance away.

"――'Spirits of the wind'――"

The spirit mage, Mira, cast "Wind's Protection" and simultaneously
generated a "Tornado" that engulfed several wyverns.

"GIIIGYAAAA!"

The engulfed wyverns stalled and began to fall.

Even though they weren't as strong as dragons, the wyverns' tough scales
couldn't be cut by the wind's blades. However, if their vision was
blocked, they would lose their way, and if their speed decreased, their
wings wouldn't be strong enough to support their own weight.

Even so, Mira, who had used high-level magic twice in a row, couldn't
use magic for a while. One of the falling wyverns charged in, filled
with anger.

<br />
"Like I'll let you!"

Dalton, clad in full mithril armor, stood in front of the wyvern.

It was a giant of five meters in length. Even if its skeleton was
lightweight for flying, it would still receive an impact like being hit
by a cannon head-on. But――

"UOOOOOOOOOO!"

Dalton, a Rank 5 heavy warrior, took the hit.

"UORYAAAA!"

From right next to him, Jesha, a mountain dwarf, slammed her magic steel
two-handed axe into the wyvern's neck, severing its long, snakelike
neck.

<br />
"GIIIGAAAA!"

The wyvern completely recognized them as enemies. The two wyverns that
had fallen used their legs to cushion the impact just before hitting the
ground, and approached with the speed of a running bird.

In response, the giant swordsman――Feld leaped out and swung his black
greatsword on his back.

"TAAAAA!"

The greatsword made from the horn of a Dark Dragon, combined with Feld's
skill, cleaved through the subdragon's scales as if they were scraps of
wood.

"GIGAAAA!"

At the same time, another wyvern bared its fangs at Feld. But at that
moment, Dalton, who had rushed over, swung his mithril halberd,
shattering the wyvern's head from its mouth to its brain as if slipping
past Feld.

<br />
The wyvern still in the sky scattered poison liquid from the poisonous
needle on its tail. But it was blocked by Wind's Protection.

Unlike the mythical beast dragons or elemental dragons, subdragons can't
use breath attacks. When the wyvern showed a slight hint of fear at the
ground attacks being blocked and the attacking power of the humans on
the ground, at that moment, a small figure fluttered above the wyvern's
head, her black skirt fluttering.

Pinkish-gold hair shining in the sunlight. A black leather dress
fluttering like a monstrous bird. And above all, the wyvern bared its
fangs as if frightened by the girl――Aria's cold, murderous eyes.

"Hah!"

Without flinching or cowering, the girl exhaled lightly, and her black
daggers pierced the wyvern's eyes.

The wyvern, having lost its sight, stalled and fell. But from behind it,
another wyvern filled with anger turned around as if circling, and
slammed its poisonous needle at the girl.

<br />
Hyun!

At that moment, the arrow fired by Mira, who had recovered, grazed the
wyvern's face, and Aria, who had been waiting believing in it, leaped
out towards the wyvern, which had stopped moving for a moment, and
raised her knives and daggers made from the "Fangs of the Dark Dragon".

"――【Dancing Reaper】――"

The fangs of the elemental dragon didn't care about the scales of the
subdragon, and the wyvern, its wings and face slashed, fell screaming.

<br />
Seeing that, the last wyvern lost its will to fight and fled. But in
that direction was the town.

The soldiers who had noticed them from the watchtower on the outer wall
fired arrows, but it was difficult to hit an object flying at high speed
in the sky, and even if they did hit, arrows from archers of low skill
level wouldn't be able to pierce the wyvern's scales.

The soldiers' faces twisted at the sight of the giant wyvern heading
straight towards them. But there... in front of the outer wall
surrounding the town, there was a single "girl".

<br />
"――【Chase Lightning】――"

<br />
Flash of light. Multiple lightning strikes released from the girl struck
the wyvern's wings, and the wyvern lost its balance.

However, the wyvern, flying with momentum even without the thrust of its
wings, didn't stop. At that rate, the town would be damaged――just as
they thought that, a white girl stepped forward quietly.

Wearing a deep hood of a pure white robe, shaking her wavy pure white
hair, the girl held out both hands as if standing in the way of the
wyvern.

<br />
"――【Ice Whip】――"

<br />
With how much mana was put into it, a huge amount of ice thorns were
created centering on the white girl, entangling the wyvern, turning it
into an ice object in an instant, and shattering the frozen wyvern.

Cheers erupted from the town's soldiers.

In the fantastical world where the ice scattered like dust, the white
girl shook her white hair as if smiling as she walked.

<br />
The Rank 5 adventurer party "Rainbow Sword".

Their reputation was about to change from tradition to "legend" thanks
to two girls.

One is the dragonslayer, the pink-haired girl, "Cinders" "Iron Rose
Princess"――.

And――

The newly joined Rank 5 mage... no one knows her real name. Only from
her pure white attire and hair, people call her "Snow White".

<br />
------------------------------------------------------------------------

<br />


I would like to advance the after story at a pace of about once a month.

The amount of text will vary, but thank you for your support.

<br />
Volume 4 will be released on July 20th. Pre-orders have also begun.

Volume 5 is also in the midst of being heavily revised! This is
scheduled for the end of the year.

<br />

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0002.md)

