[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0023.md)



# 282 The Way of the Heart

"The Hero wishes you to come to the main temple of the Holy Church. I
think it's presumptuous of them to summon you after coming here on their
own... Aria, is our 'promise' still valid?"

<br />
Elena uses the word "promise" and stares intently at Aria.

I don't know what happened between the two of them, but does that mean
that if they use it, they can avoid the Hero's summons?

A secret just between the two of them... I'm a little displeased, but it
can't be helped. After all, it's Aria. It's so like Aria to keep that
'promise' she made with me.

But, as Elena says, it's ridiculous for them to summon Aria after
deciding to make her a companion on their own.

<br />
"No, it's not necessary."

But Aria gently shook her head at Elena's offer.

"It hasn't become that urgent yet. Besides, it will probably be more
troublesome if the Hero comes to the Kingdom of Claydale."

"That's... probably true."

Elena looked troubled at Aria's words.

<br />
That's certainly a strong possibility. If the Hero comes, important
people from the Holy Kingdom will probably come too, and if that
happens, it may become difficult for the country to refuse.

If their promise is to protect Aria as royalty, Elena would be taking a
considerable risk.

<br />
"Why don't you just ignore them?"

When I say that teasingly, Elena smiles just a little.

"That's what I'd like to do. If the messenger who brought this story was
from the Fandora Theocracy, it wouldn't be strange for them to become
'missing' without anyone knowing, but that messenger is the new head
priest of the temple in this royal capital."

<br />
The former head priest, a noble in religious clothing, has retired to
take responsibility for the things his grandson did.

In reality, it's probably more due to the mental strain of his grandson
being possessed and killed by a demon than responsibility. It's tough.

I haven't met the new head priest, but if they were entrusted with an
important case as a messenger based on instructions from the main temple
via long-distance magic tool, they might be overzealously proclaiming
it.

<br />
Then, as expected, we can't pretend that "there was no messenger from
the beginning." Serious Dalton, who is listening to us discussing in all
seriousness whether to get rid of the messenger while maintaining a
straight face, is grimacing and closing his eyes as if he didn't hear
it.

<br />
"Jokes aside, it really depends on the Hero's personality. Even if they
don't mean to, there's a possibility that they're just being swayed by
the Holy Church's opinion... In the end, we won't know until we meet
them."

Elena said that, and for a moment, her blue eyes reflected me.

Our response will change depending on whether the Hero's substance is
"just a person with power" or "just a fool who has been swallowed by
power."

Perhaps there is also the case where "a pure and upright person worthy
of the Hero, sincerely wishes for world peace and earnestly invites
Aria," but this might be the most troublesome.

Even then, "my" response will not change.

<br />
"Anyway, I'm going to see that person for myself. If going or welcoming
them will cause trouble, it's better to meet them over there."

"Aria..."

It would be better if the people of the Holy Church came at us with
their authority. If the Hero is serious about resorting to violence, I
don't know how much damage will be done.

<br />
"——Don't tell me, you're planning to go alone?"

There, Dalton, who had been listening silently to the conversation until
now, muttered in a low voice, and Aria turned around without changing
her expression.

"That's the plan."

"Me and the Kitty will go with you."

As I continue Aria's words, a faint growl is heard from Aria's shadow as
if to affirm it.

But——

"No, just you guys is no good either."

Dalton vehemently objects to our declaration of intent.

"But, in the worst case..."

"That's what I'm saying is no good. If you guys break with the Hero,
you'll run away, disappear, or manage somehow. You think you can somehow
fight the Hero, but don't underestimate the Holy Church."

"Then what do we do?"

<br />
If we end up antagonizing the Hero, we'll be wanted people on this
continent.

When I interrupted Dalton's words with a faint smile, Dalton frowned and
glared at me and Aria.

<br />
"You two have put in extraordinary effort and experience since you were
children, and you are among the strongest people on this continent, but
you are still 'children' who have not even reached adulthood. Would
'adults' silently watch you living in the adult world again, or the
underworld? We adults will stand on the front lines. This is decided. No
objections allowed."

Dalton said that much, and as if he wouldn't listen to any other
opinions, he crossed his arms and leaned back on the sofa.

<br />
I and Aria are aware that we have abused our power, which exceeds that
of adults, and have done as we pleased.

There are circumstances that forced us to do so in order to survive, but
we have chosen to live that way, and we interact with adults, trust
them, but do not sincerely trust them from the bottom of our hearts.

We decide whether to live or die ourselves. To us, who have lived with
such beliefs, Dalton said that adults will protect children because they
are adults.

Even us... no, even me, is it okay to live in the light?

<br />
"...Understood."

Aria, who had been listening intently to his words, nodded at Dalton's
words.

I don't know what "answer" came out in her mind, but I will follow you.

Aria... you can live in the light.

Even if your hands are stained with blood, they are not soiled by blood.

I'm fine being your "shadow."

You are my "light"...

<br />
The secret meeting with Elena that day was over.

Since we don't know the Hero's character... more than that, the Holy
Church's intentions, it was decided that it would ultimately be left to
Aria's personal judgment.

As "Rainbow Sword," they respected Aria's opinion and told us that if we
broke down, the adults, including Dalton, would stand on the front
lines.

<br />
"What do you think, Snow?"

Even so, Aria was still worried, and while we were shopping in the royal
capital for a long journey, she muttered something like that for a rare
occasion.

Aria, who has always relied on herself without relying on adults, and
has basically acted alone and decided alone even when she is with
someone, is probably not used to being under someone's protection.

"Do as you like?"

At my way of speaking that was like pushing her away lightly, Aria
showed a slightly dissatisfied face. ...It's a little cute.

"In the first place, I, who have lived more freely than you, couldn't
possibly understand how to rely on someone, right?"

"...Well, that's true."

It's a little hurtful to be readily agreed with there.

"Aria should really do as she likes. If that causes a problem, you can
just do what you always do, so nothing will change, right?"

We've lived like that until now. It's just that the scope of the problem
is a little bigger.

If that causes trouble, but if you eliminate all the problems, the
problems will disappear.

"I see..."

Aria seemed to have realized something from my outrageous argument, and
she smiled just a little.

<br />
You can do as you like. It's okay. Because there is a "shadow (me)" for
that purpose.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0023.md)

