[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0011.md)



# 270 Unorthodox Plan

Rank 7 monster, Chimera.

Aria can fight it, but doesn't have the means to defeat it. The Kitty,
being of the same beast type, is Rank 6, but due to being of the same
type, the difference in combat power is directly reflected in the
difference in power.

The Kitty's combat techniques can inflict damage, but even so, the
difference in power makes it not a decisive blow.

And even I, in my current state... cannot defeat the Chimera.

Normally, I could barely inflict damage using my Blessing, so I couldn't
surpass the Chimera's regeneration with my current power.

Even if I could use my Blessing, the power would be slightly reduced due
to losing the fire attribute, so I don't even know if I can produce the
same power as before.

<br />
I thought about it...

What is a "mage" in a party?

Before, I only thought about becoming stronger on my own.

To sink a great nation into a sea of ​​fire alone, to annihilate knights
alone, to massacre high-ranking warriors alone, to burn down cities
alone, I sought only pure "power."

But that's beyond the scope of humans. To do that, I had no choice but
to sacrifice my life itself.

So, what about mages in adventurer parties like Aria's?

Probably the opposite of what I've done...

Using the knowledge to become a mage, assessing the battle situation,
and using mana to make the party more effective instead of acting
individually.

But... that's not like me.

<br />
"Aria... will you listen?"

When I explained it in a really simple way, Aria frowned at me and gave
me a look of exasperation.

"Aren't you an idiot..."

Aria said that and turned her sharp gaze forward.

"Well, shall we do it?"

"That's why I love you."

I thought Aria would say that.

<br />
"Nero."

"Gaa..."

When Aria muttered briefly and moved her fingertips to give
instructions, the Kitty, who was keeping the Chimera in check from a
distance, let out a dissatisfied sound for just a moment and braced its
body, contorting it.

"--Reality Breaker--"

Light was emitted from Aria's whole body, and at the same time, it
appeared right in front of the Chimera.

"Haaa!"

Aria swung her blade at the Chimera.

<br />
"Giiii Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

The Chimera screamed at the "phantom pain" of being slashed all over its
body.

The Chimera's sense of pain is dull, so that scream isn't because of the
pain. The Chimera was wary of Aria, who has high combat power. So this
scream should be more surprise than pain.

But it doesn't end there--

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

Dogon!!

The Kitty, who jumped out at the same time as Aria and was circling
around the room, aimed for the moment when Aria attacked and confused
the Chimera, and slammed a claw strike combat technique into its side.

"Giiaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

The Chimera immediately regained its posture, bracing its multiple legs,
and turned its claws and fangs towards the Kitty.

The Kitty can't dodge, having just used its combat technique.

The Kitty and Aria both know that. That's why warriors create gaps for
their allies and avoid being counterattacked.

That's why--

"--Light Night--"

At that moment, Aria cut in between the two giants and deflected the
Chimera's attack as if hiding the Kitty from it.

<br />
It's not as easy as it sounds. It requires the delicacy and courage to
deflect a descending blade with your fingertips. Moreover, Aria used the
light and darkness of Illusion Magic, using kicks and punches to fend
off multiple attacks without even inflicting pain on the enemy, and
withstood the Rank 7 attack.

The movement doesn't use activation words, but it should be close to the
Dagger Technique rank 5 combat technique \[Dancing Ripper\].

Other combat techniques can't be stacked on the combat technique \[Iron
Rose\]. But Aria reproduced the combat technique she had repeatedly used
and ingrained into her body with only her senses.

Even so, it should put a tremendous strain on her body. She can't use it
many times.

<br />
Aria and the Kitty are both giving it their all. They're thinking about
changing the battle situation and abandoning fighting with reserves,
squeezing out their strength. If they had mishandled even one of the
Chimera's fangs or claws in the current exchange, it would have been
over there.

That's why...

"Not yet."

Aria and the Kitty, and even the Chimera, had stopped moving for a
moment, ...just a blink of an eye, in the current exchange.

"--\[Rock Blast\]--"

I, who was grabbing the Kitty's tail, fired Rock Blast from almost
directly above at close range, and the rocks slammed in, pulverizing
several heads.

"Gigyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

This time, the Chimera's scream due to damage echoed.

<br />
You weren't that wary of me, the one with the lowest combat power in the
current situation, right? Because the enemy has intelligence, a surprise
attack is meaningful.

At that time, in the briefest moment when Aria started moving, she also
involved me in the movement and handed me over to the Kitty, who
intersected with us on the way.

Should I say I was captured rather than grabbed?

<br />
"--\[cataract\]--"

It's not over yet, you know?

The huge mass of water created in the air was slammed onto the rock,
causing the rock to sink in further, and at the same time--

Dooon!!

The rock that had been embedded exploded, blowing away the Chimera's
back.

"――――――――――――――!!"

A true scream filled the vast space from the Chimera's multiple heads.

<br />
"Nero!!"

"Gaaaaaaaa!!"

Not missing that opportunity, Aria and the Kitty slashed and crushed the
remaining heads.

But at that moment--

<br />
"――――――――――――――"

A cacophony of multiple beasts.

The grotesque monster is transforming into an even more grotesque form.

Something huge jumped out from the Chimera's crushed back, blowing away
the Kitty's giant body, and Aria barely dodged it, but was knocked down
onto the floor.

And I was--

"Snow!!"

Aria's voice echoed.

At the same time, something huge protruded from the rear of the Chimera,
and a giant log-like object sent my body flying.

<br />
"--!"

Even the layered \[Rock Skin\], \[Veil\], and even \[Bless\] were peeled
off in an instant, and I, with broken arms and ribs, coughed up blood as
I flew through the air.

"Giiii Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

Immediately, the transformed Chimera came after me.

A huge, twisted four limbs...

A giant wing formed by bundling tentacles extending from its back...

The form, carefully selected and specialized to fight, looked like a
"dragon" with multiple heads.

<br />
It seems impossible for me to fight in this state...

Ah...

"...Just as planned."

<br />
I was sent flying behind the Chimera. Taking this much damage was
unexpected, but the direction and distance were as expected.

The way adventurer parties fight as mages is different from my way of
fighting.

To have such a fleeting "dream."

For me to fight for someone other than Aria--

<br />
It's really not "me"...

<br />
The way a mage fights is to crush everything with violence.

<br />
That's why I was sent flying in this direction.

I knew from the start that even if I spammed rank 5 magic, it was
unlikely that I could defeat the Chimera.

So, with no decisive blow, I had the two of them give it their all to
draw the Chimera's attention.

In the meantime, I would get behind the Chimera as much as possible.

The intelligent Chimera never allowed us to go to its sides or behind
it, no matter how we moved in the fight.

What would happen if I got behind the Chimera?

Even in that isolated island dungeon, the Minotaur Murderer chased after
me the moment I moved. The monsters bound to the dungeon had to do that.

That's why the Chimera chased after me, who had been blown away to the
rear, even letting Aria and the Kitty, who had shown an opening, go.

<br />
Thud!

My body was slammed onto the floor, and even though I defended with
magic, blood further stained my mouth, probably because a broken rib had
pierced something.

The Chimera approached me.

But, too bad for you...

I didn't even have to fly myself; the flying distance was enough.

<br />
"...I've come. Dungeon's 'Spirit'."

<br />
I, who had been blown away, arrived faster than the Chimera could catch
up, and placed my bloodstained hand on the innermost altar.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0011.md)

