[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0006.md)



# 265 Daily Life in the Dungeon

"It's about time."

After repelling the dungeon intruders, we spent a whole day and arrived
at the fifteenth floor. It's said that the number of floors reached by
current adventurers is somewhere between twenty and thirty... Well, for
ordinary adventurers, this is about the limit.

"Nero."

Feeling that there was no need to worry about being seen, I called out,
and the kitty Nero, called by Aria, jumped out from her shadow.

".....Grrr."

When the kitty lightly growled, the presence of monsters disappeared
from the surroundings.

Even with the intimidation of Aria and myself, monsters of this floor
level don't attack, but as expected, when the rank 6 kitty is around,
they all run away.

--Get on--

The kitty carrying Aria on its back reluctantly... really not hiding its
displeasure, pointed to its back with its whiskers, and lowered its
height a little.

"Get on."

Saying the same thing, Aria held out her hand to me. I took Aria's hand,
and she sat me down behind her.

Really... these two are very similar in their awkwardness.

<br />
The kitty carrying the two of us dashed through the dimly lit dungeon.

When I passed through this floor, it took me half a day, but at this
speed and without making any detours, it wouldn't even take half an
hour.

It's so much easier just not being attacked by monsters. After riding on
the kitty's back for several hours, the burden on my body gradually
increases... Well, the pain isn't as bad as before.

<br />
As expected, the kitty is fast, and we reached the twentieth floor in
less than half a day.

I expected it, but we didn't meet any other adventurers.

"We should go down a little further."

"Yes, you're right."

If we're going to show the power of me and the kitty, it's better to go
down to the thirtieth floor, where there are definitely no adventurers.
However, the guild has some information up to the twentieth floor, but
beyond that is unknown territory.

I don't know, but I'm sure there's a hidden passage that the royal
family uses in this dungeon. Otherwise, I can't imagine the former Crown
Prince's group being able to conquer this dungeon in just a month or
two.

<br />
"Let's stop here for today."

Aria said that after looking at my face and got off the kitty.

I'm not aware of it, but I probably had a terrible complexion. The magic
stone has become a little smaller and my body feels better, but as
expected, a whole day took its toll.

"Where are we?"

"The twenty-eighth floor."

We've come down quite a ways. To be able to come down this far in about
two days, isn't that a new record?

I used a military lamp that I took out of my \[Shadow Storage\] to boil
water, and made a simple meal with ingredients I bought before entering
the dungeon.

It's convenient to have two people with \[Shadow Storage\]. Aria's
\[Shadow Storage\] has the capacity of a wardrobe, and mine has the
capacity of a carriage. Things don't rot inside, and mold doesn't grow,
so I can store dried vegetables and grains as well.

<br />
The two of us ate something made by boiling vegetables, beans, and dried
meat. The kitty isn't eating, but it has its own \[Shadow Storage\], so
we don't need to share.

"Nero hunts and eats whatever it needs on its own."

"Well, that's true."

The relationship between Aria and the kitty isn't that of a pet, a
protector, or a master. They are equals.

<br />
"That's the elemental dragon's weapon, huh?"

Aria started taking care of her weapon, so I peeked in as well.

The 'Black Knife' and 'Black Dagger' that she used to use were destroyed
in my battle. They can be repaired, but the strength would decrease, and
it seems that the Rainbow Sword provided two 'Dark Dragon Fangs', which
are party property, for Aria's sake.

"Want to see it?"

"Is it okay?"

I didn't think I'd be allowed to hold it.

Impression-wise, it's not much different from the previous knife and
dagger. But it's surprisingly light. More than that, the mana it holds
is amazing.

This is bio-metal (Adamantite) that can be harvested from monsters...
With the exception of the magic metal (Orichalcum) that Aria threatened
the spirit to give her and stabbed me with, I think this has the highest
mana transmission rate and strength. Of course, humans can't process
Orichalcum.

<br />
The reason why it looks similar to the previous weapons is not only
because the shape of the blade is similar, but also because the grip
part is being reused.

She shouldn't be particular about weapons... but she doesn't waste
kindness from others.

"Is the previous blade part gone now?"

"It can't be used as it is, but it's being processed so that it can be
used."

"I'm looking forward to seeing it."

We went to bed as is that day. But for some reason... even though it's
in a dangerous dungeon, I felt like I slept the best I've ever slept.

<br />
The next day, we rode on the kitty's back and dashed through the
dungeon.

"There are... few monsters."

"Yeah."

Not only thanks to the kitty, but it definitely felt like there were
fewer monsters. The former Crown Prince's group should have passed
through deeper floors, but why is that?

I understand that low-rank monsters like goblins and kobolds are running
away, but after coming down this far, it wouldn't be strange to
encounter rank 3 monsters.

It's nice that it's easier... Well, there's no point in thinking about
it.

But at the end of that day... that abnormality appeared in a visible
form just before the fortieth floor.

<br />
This dungeon is a beast-demihuman type dungeon, like that isolated
island dungeon. However, the first monster we encountered after entering
this dungeon was a "deer".

Probably around rank 3? Its horns were like blades and were clearly
giantized. Still, it wasn't our enemy, and we were able to easily defeat
it with \[Ice Lance\] and the kitty's claws, but...

"Did you figure something out?"

"If it's a theory..."

Aria, who was inspecting the head of the monster deer that had been
slashed off, told me.

"Monsters are moving to the lower floors."

<br />
The former Crown Prince's group conquered the dungeon with the Second
Knight Order's brute force in numbers.

Monsters will attack endlessly if the enemy is weak. Surely they
defeated many monsters while suffering many casualties.

It's not known where the monsters in the dungeon come from. It's said
that they breed in the dungeon, or that they are captured by the roots
that the dungeon has stretched out, but in either case, they can't be
replenished immediately.

Aria theorized that because a powerful monster in the lower layers had
died, the middle-layer monsters had gone down to the lower layers to
fill the gap.

<br />
So what is this deer then? Even in a beast-demihuman type dungeon, it's
not just monsters that are inside. The dungeon starves people so that
monsters will attack, but it doesn't want to starve them so much that
they cannibalize each other.

That's why a small number of animals are released as bait. Usually they
are eaten before adventurers can even see them, but because the monsters
moved, they survived, and that individual was monsterfied by the
dungeon's aether.

The rank 6 kitty attacked because it probably became carnivorous.

Even herbivores become carnivores when monsterfied. Instinctively,
monsters attack humans with high mana to become stronger.

Aria said that the sudden carnivorization probably made it violent, and
the monster instinct surpassed the survival instinct.

<br />
The ecosystem is collapsing due to the dungeon being conquered. New
monster-to-monster selection will begin, and there will probably be
individuals that evolve. From now on, not only humanoid monsters but
also beast-type monsters will appear. Well, for now...

"We can get meat even in the dungeon."

"...That's right."

As expected, Aria eats even monsters.

The deer meat, which was only roasted over a fire without even draining
the blood... had a nostalgic taste from when we were traveling through
the forest with this group before.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0006.md)

