[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0028.md)



# 287 A Hero's Reason

"Please, be mine."

The instant the Hero Klein said that and placed a kiss on the back of
Aria's hand—

<br />
\*Dogooon!!\*

Aria, who was still sitting on the sofa, waved her hand as if swatting
away a bug, and the air in the room exploded, echoing with a shockwave.

<br />
We, the members of "Rainbow Sword," grimaced and braced ourselves, while
the members of the Holy Church couldn't withstand it and fell on their
butts.

Even so—

"...Quite aggressive. That's what makes you worthy of being my
companion."

The Hero Klein wore a gentle smile and caught Aria's hand-knife, which
faintly emitted a silver light.

Aria had used "Reality Breaker" for an instant at that moment without
even using the Iron Rose. By getting used to extremely purified aether
and rank 5 magic, she unleashed an attack with a combat power of over
3000 for just a moment.

Even an ogre would die instantly from that. She's gotten stronger
again... But I wonder how powerful the Hero is to remain unfazed even
after receiving that...?

<br />
"...Snow, restrain yourself."

"...Why?"

Without turning my gaze to Dalton, who was trying to stop me from next
to him, I smiled with just my lips while brimming with mana.

Become the Hero's "property"? Who on earth? With what right?

I'm aware that I'm not normal, but I would still bless Aria if she were
happy, you know? But that's no good. No matter how you look at it, Aria
won't be happy. In that case, wouldn't it be better for him to know his
place? Why do I have to stop? Miranda and Jesha look uncomfortable too,
right? Hey, is there any reason for me to restrain myself—?

"Because Aria hasn't drawn her weapon."

The answer came not from Dalton, but from Feld, who had a scowling face.

"............"

I see? There's that theory too, huh?

"Snow."

Aria's faint voice reached me. When I turned my gaze to her, Aria was
also glaring unhappily, but she wasn't trying to kill the Hero.

She's become quite mature... I'm a little lonely. I miss the old days
when we used to clean up random trash together. But that's beside the
point.

<br />
When I suppressed my intimidation and mana, the members of the Holy
Church finally started breathing again.

Among them, the Hero Klein, who was the only one with a cool expression,
had a radiant smile and spread his arms wide as if welcoming them.

"Wonderful... It was worth coming all the way to this continent to meet
such beautiful women."

He said that and kneeled once more before Aria, who was giving him a
cold stare.

"Excuse me, Miss. I was so overwhelmed by the wonderful encounter that I
forgot myself. May I introduce myself again?"

While extending his hand, the Hero Klein also gave me a meaningful
smile.

<br />
"K-Klein! There's no way such a barbaric woman could be a companion of
the Hero!"

At that moment, the Cardinal, who had lost his words due to the shock
and was sitting on his butt, complained not to Klein, but to Aria. Oh
dear, even my intimidation has been blamed on Aria.

"Isn't it fine? "Hero-class" is different from ordinary, you know?"

<br />
The Hero chosen by the spirit, the Hero's companion acknowledged by the
spirit, "Hero-class."

The Hero's companions that are often found in fairy tales vary depending
on the story, but "Saintess," "Sword Saint," "Holy Warrior," "Great
Sage," "Great Mage," and "Great Spirit User" are common. Aria, who has
received the blessing of the spirit, falls into that category, but
there's no "Assassin" among the Hero's companions, is there?

<br />
"E-even so—"

"Didn’t you call me because you needed me?"

Aria interrupted the Cardinal, who was still shouting, with a quiet
voice. Despite not being loud, the Cardinal was at a loss for words, the
members of the Holy Church involuntarily gasped, and the Hero Klein
looked delighted.

"That's right. I have been entrusted with a mission from the main temple
of the Holy Church."

"Klein!"

The Cardinal raised his voice as if to stop the Hero Klein from
mentioning the mission. But the Hero stared at the elderly Cardinal as
if admonishing a child.

"Crawford... If she is to be my 'companion,' she should know about it?"

<br />
...What are they talking about?

A Hero from another continent... It is said that the Holy Church, which
boasts the largest faction on this continent, also came from another
continent about a thousand years ago. Could it be that their authority
is still higher, which would be laughable.

The 'main temple' that the Hero is talking about is not the temple here,
but the one on the other continent, and these high-ranking officials
here who are so arrogant are treated as branch managers, aren't they?

I wonder if the conversation is over, or if he doesn't intend to respect
the Holy Church here even though he is polite to them. The Hero simply
ended the conversation with the Cardinal, whom he easily called
Crawford, and turned to face Aria.

"As you might have guessed, I have come to this continent on an official
mission. It was fortunate that I encountered you here."

<br />
The Hero Klein spoke to Aria.

Several years ago, the "Spirit of Light" that chose the Hero gave an
oracle... I wonder if they have spirit worship on the other continent.
Anyway, the content was that they sensed the presence of a "Dark Dragon"
appearing on this continent.

The Dark Dragon, being a dragon of the dark attribute, becomes a
"Calamity Dragon" when it grows to rank 8. Calamity Dragons hate humans
and become man-eating dragons, so the Holy Church on the other side,
feeling the need to immediately subjugate it, decided to send the Hero,
but the Hero was told on the ship by the Spirit of Light that the Dark
Dragon had been defeated as soon as it appeared.

<br />
"............"

With that story, everyone in "Rainbow Sword" turned their gaze to Aria
for a moment, but she didn't change her expression at all because she
thought we had defeated it together.

Anyway, the Hero Klein came all this way for nothing. Wouldn't it be
better for him to go home quickly? But there was more to his story.

<br />
"It is said that Calamity Dragons are a bad omen. It is also said that
when a Calamity Dragon appears, a 'Demon Lord' will also appear. In
fact, the Spirit of Light sensed the presence of  rank 8 fire magic
being used. I am supposed to investigate that."

<br />
"............"

With that story, the gaze of "Rainbow Sword" turned to me for a moment.

I was just joking about it before, so it's really rude. If I had that
kind of power, I wouldn't be struggling.

<br />
"I haven't seen any signs of that until I came to this land. If the Dark
Dragon has been destroyed, I think there's no problem, but well... Miss
Aria. I'd like you to participate in my fire dragon subjugation."

<br />
............Huh?

For a moment, I didn't understand what the Hero was saying, and not just
us, everyone fell silent. Oh, Aria is widening her eyes too, which is
rare.

"W-wait, Klein, why did it come to that?"

Surprisingly, Cardinal Crawford, who was the first to recover from the
confusion, asked him, and Klein smiled cheerfully without panicking.

"Didn't you say that you are having trouble with the fire dragon on the
other side of the Holy Mountain?"

<br />
The three countries surrounding Mount Quirios. To the south is the
Kingdom of Fandora, where we are, to the west is the forest where the
forest elves live, and to the east is the Kingdom of Zentol.

And to the north, there is a vast grassland, but it is called the
hunting grounds of the dragons, and it seems that a fire dragon has been
using it as a hunting ground for the past few decades. In the past, the
Kingdom of Zentol, which tried to make it their territory, suffered a
severe welcome from the dragon, with thousands of casualties.

Human armies cannot defeat attribute dragons that fly in the sky. They
breathe fire from heights that arrows and magic cannot reach, and if
they see an opening, they attack in an instant, killing many soldiers.

<br />
"Hero... The fire dragon is not an evil being."

There, Vincent, the temple knight who guided us here, glared at him as
if to admonish him.

"But there are still victims, aren't there?"

The Hero Klein retorted with a cool face, not even caring that he was
being glared at.

"Only a few dozen adventurers and those who go too far each year."

"Does the Holy Church consider a few dozen people to be negligible?"

"We're saying that if you interfere recklessly, the damage will
increase!"

<br />
The damage is a few dozen people a year. Most of them are accidents or
self-inflicted, but it's not small enough to overlook. But if we
interfere recklessly and the fire dragon harbors a grudge against
humans, will the city be burned down and tens of thousands of people
die? But...

"That's why it's better to defeat it now while I, the 'Hero,' am here."

The Hero Klein stated that as if talking about something obvious to
Vincent, who said that it was necessary to cut it off as a necessary
sacrifice.

<br />
"Wait. Don't start talking on your own. I told you to go through me."

At that time, Dalton stepped forward as if releasing intimidation.

Dalton is strong. But he's not strong enough to take on the Hero, but he
still stepped forward.

"...I'm talking to Aria, you know?"

The Hero Klein sighed as if he was fed up with being interrupted again
and again.

"Shouldn't young girls who have just become adults be protected by
adults? The fire dragon subjugation is due to your political
circumstances, don't involve Aria in it. In the first place, why do you
need to subjugate a fire dragon to recruit Aria?"

I wonder if Dalton was quite angry at the Hero for saying whatever he
wanted.

When Feld and Jesha also showed a little intimidation as if they were
uncomfortable, the Hero Klein shrugged his shoulders as if saying, "Oh
well."

<br />
"It's to confirm whether Aria was able to defeat the Dark Dragon or not.
If that's a lie, then the Kingdom of Claydale needs to take
responsibility as well."

At that moment—

As if taking the country...Elena, who is in charge this time, as a
hostage, Aria's eyebrows furrowed slightly.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0028.md)

