[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0031.md)



# 290 Dragon Hunting Grounds

"......Snow?"

"Yes, I'm alright."

Aria called out to me with a questioning face, as I had been staring at
the direction the Fire Dragon had flown off to.

In truth, I was captivated by the Fire Dragon. Certainly, its crimson
scales and the way it spread its wings as it soared were beautiful
enough to inspire awe, but that wasn't it.

I was captivated by the Fire Dragon's gushing fire attribute aether, the
powerful energy that seemed to obliterate everything...that I had lost.

Fufu. Do I still harbor destructive impulses within me? Or was I just
nostalgic?

However, it's certain that there's someone I want to destroy.

<br />
After that, we returned to the carriage and reported to Dalton and the
others. Well, Aria did the reporting, but the discussion was about the
Hero's party's fighting strength. The Hero Klein, whose combat ability
is still unknown. The heavy warrior Douglas and the swordsman Neidhardt.

"So, is the Hero's party likely to be able to defeat an attribute
dragon?"

"Probably, I think there won't be any problems."

Aria nodded, though after a moment's hesitation, to Feld's question.

It's still troublesome that we don't know their combat abilities.
They're only guidelines, after all, and their true strength won't be
known until we see them in battle, but they're easy-to-understand
indicators. Still, perhaps because she sensed something, Aria thought
that the heroes would be able to hunt attribute dragons without any
problems.

<br />
The Fire Dragon was probably over rank 7. I've heard that even the Dark
Dragon that Aria and the others fought to the death to defeat was only
just reaching rank 7 and only won because it didn't fly into the sky due
to its hatred of humans.

Aria and I, with Kitty, defeated a rank 7 Chimera, but it had almost no
combat experience, and it was essentially unintelligent.

But the Fire Dragon is different. It has spent many years as an
attribute dragon and is intelligent.

No one on this continent would try to take it on. There might have been
some, but they're probably dead.

<br />
"Then we'll proceed with caution. In many ways."

After discussing it for about fifteen minutes, just as the Hero's party
and the Temple Knights were about to depart, Dalton called out to us to
get the carriage moving.

Caution is necessary. Truly in "many ways"...

Because we don't know what choices those three will make.

<br />
After that, we passed through almost without incident into the Kingdom
of Zentol, the country nearest to the "Dragon Hunting Ground". It was
"without incident" because no one came to greet the Hero as he entered
the country. Apparently, the Hero disliked the hassle, so he
deliberately didn't contact the Kingdom of Zentol.

If the Kingdom of Zentol knew that the Holy Church's Hero was coming,
they would have welcomed him with great fanfare and held a ball.

And if they knew that the Hero had come to exterminate the Fire Dragon,
they might have dispatched their own forces to steal the credit and
declare the "Dragon Hunting Ground" to be under their occupation.

<br />
The Kingdom of Zentol wants fertile grasslands that much. Even before we
entered the country, the flat roads were becoming fewer, and although
there were many forests, there were clearly few plains suitable for
farming or ranching.

If that's the case, they should have focused on specialty products that
can grow even in such land, but what they chose was plunder through
conflict.

"Well, that's none of my concern."

"That's right."

"Aren't you guys taking this too lightly?"

Jesha, who had switched places with Feld as the driver, gave Aria and me
a look of amazement.

It's fine. To me, everyone except Aria is truly unimportant.

<br />
"The Hero seems to be heading straight for the 'Dragon Hunting Ground'."

The Temple Knight Vincent appeared while we were taking lodging and
eating a meal at a post town along the way, and told us so. Of course,
the Hero and the others have separate lodging. Too much of a hassle.

Even so... Vincent. Isn't this person a big shot in the Holy Church? Why
is he doing something like running errands?

Well, he himself seems reluctant and displeased. He must be serious at
heart.

I liked this flat-baked buckwheat, so I wasn't paying much attention to
what he was saying.

<br />
Vincent doesn't think much of the Hero. More precisely, he respects the
title of "Hero", but he doesn't like that "Klein" is the one who bears
the name.

As long as Klein has the backing of the Holy Church, Klein shouldn't be
able to take any strange actions while Vincent is watching... but
Klein's principles are so different from ours that it's impossible to
predict what he'll do.

Vincent seems to want to say something to us, but I don't understand
what religious people are thinking.

<br />
Several days later, we passed almost straight through the Kingdom of
Zentol and headed for the great grassland "Dragon Hunting Ground", where
the Fire Dragon is said to reside.

It takes more than ten days from the Kingdom of Zentol. There are no
decent roads in the grassland, and the carriage moved slowly. It was
very troublesome, but we don't mind simple meals, and it might be better
than the Temple Knights since we can sleep in the carriage.

"Snow."

"Not yet."

There's no way I can easily use light magic 【Purify (Clean)】 for
toilet magic.

Still, we're better off. But apart from the carefree Hero Klein, the
Hero's companions... especially the swordsman Neidhardt, who seems to be
from a noble family, seemed irritated by this pointless journey.

<br />
"Klein, let's get this over with quickly!"

"Isn't it bad to rush too much?"

"Shut up, let's go!"

As soon as they reached their destination, Neidhardt finished his
preparations alone and urged the others around him. Klein shrugged at
him and looked at the warrior Douglas for agreement, but he remained
silent and sullen.

Even though it's called a destination, it's not like we're standing in
the middle of a grassland.

The Fire Dragon's habitat is said to be on Mount Curios, and the Fire
Dragon uses this rocky area as a temporary home only when it hunts large
prey.

If we stay here for a few days, the Fire Dragon is sure to appear... or
so it should.

"It's there."

"Yeah."

The air around the rocky mountain was different. I heard that there were
wyverns besides the Fire Dragon, but they weren't to be seen.

As if they were in awe of some mighty existence...

Just as everyone was preparing on foot, Klein said something out of the
blue.

<br />
"Well then, we'll go forward, but Aria-san. I'd like you to move to our
party."

Aria frowned at those words, and even Neidhardt turned around.

"Klein! Are you really going to make that woman a companion?"

"That's what I intended from the start?"

"I haven't agreed to it."

When Aria calmly interrupted Neidhardt and Klein, who had started
arguing, Klein smiled and narrowed his eyes.

"This time, I just want you to prove that you can actually fight the
Dragon. If you don't have a certain level of power, you'll be burned to
a crisp by the Dragon's breath, but are you still going to put your
companions in front of you?"

"............"

<br />
Dalton and the others aren't weak. But if they were hit by a breath
attack on a rocky mountain with no escape, there's a chance that
everyone except the heavily armored Dalton would die. It's true that if
strong people go forward, the people behind them will be safer, but this
is like taking hostages.

Aria probably can't refuse. That's why --

"Then can I participate too?"

Klein's smile deepened when I stepped forward and said that.

"...Yes. I was going to invite you anyway."

<br />
I knew that he wouldn't refuse my participation since that battle in the
forest.

Aria was looking at me with a complicated expression, but I'm sorry,
Aria. ...I hate being manipulated by someone else's intentions.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0031.md)

