[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0034.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0036.md)



# 295 A Hero's Power

"――――――――――――tsu!!"

Hero Klein, struck by Aria's attack, leaped back with incredible speed.

"――tsu"

Aria, who tried to follow up with a pursuit, stopped her feet, and the
Kitty braced itself beside her, crackling electricity from its whisker
in a threatening manner.

I want to go there too, but while being wary of Klein, I glared at him,
increasing my mana.

<br />
Klein, who didn’t move while holding his face with his left hand that
wasn’t holding a sword, looked full of openings. But, an oppression that
made Aria stop her feet leaked from his entire body, and blood flowed
from Klein's forehead as he slowly released his hand, and he looked at
us with his gleaming eyes, and he was laughing.

<br />
"Aria!"

At the same time as I raised my voice, Aria leaped away from that spot,
and the moment the Kitty stepped forward to shield her, its claws
sparked strongly.

"Gaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"

The Kitty's claws were repelled, and it roared at the one who did it.

<br />
"Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"

Klein laughed while swinging his sword. But, no way, right? Klein was
also repelled by the sword, but it's impossible for him to be evenly
matched with the giant body of rank 6 Kitty in close combat.

The power was equal. But if the sizes are different, the agility is
different. Klein thrust his sword toward the Kitty's eyes with
terrifying speed, at the Kitty who has fur resistant to slashing and
piercing.

<br />
"Haa!"

Aria's dagger, slipping through the gap of that strike, aimed for
Klein's wrist.

"Haha!"

But Klein laughed at it, and with just the power of his wrist, he
rotated the one-handed sword with momentum, and when he repelled the
dagger that Aria unleashed with all her might, Aria and the Kitty, who
shielded each other, took distance from Klein while taking a subtle
pause.

<br />
"――【Freeze】――"

In that instant, I, who had increased my mana, unleashed rank 6 ice
magic.

The pure white freezing air that targeted that fleeting moment that Aria
and the Kitty created, without missing its aim, enveloped Klein's entire
body. He'd momentarily taken his eyes off the two of them, barely out of
his field of vision.

Freezing and shattering the target, the strongest single target ice
magic. The only creatures that can survive after receiving this are
creatures with giant bodies, or mythical beast types like the Kitty and
dragon species.

Even so...

<br />
"――Haha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"

"Light" became a sword and broke through the freezing air from the
inside.

That is... the protection of the light spirit? No, that's not it. It's
that his magic resistance is on a completely different level compared to
humans.

Even so, it seems that he didn't come away unscathed, his hair and
clothes were frozen, and even his fingertips were starting to discolor.
But, as the "light" surrounding Klein increased in strength, the color
began to return to his frozen skin.

"Troublesome..."

<br />
Is that the protection of the light spirit that the "Hero" receives? The
【Gift】of the dungeon spirit that I received was quite different...

The Hero's protection is different from special abilities like mine, and
different from body enhancement battle techniques like Aria's.

In order to borrow the power that I should definitely obtain in the
future, I had no choice but to exchange my lifespan for wishing for a
power that should not have been possible. Aria disliked that, and hates
cheating, so she chose the form of "technique," which has many
restrictions.

The Hero's protection, in terms of impression, is similar to Aria's
"Iron Rose" in terms of physical ability enhancement. But compared to
the Iron Rose, which has many time constraints and restrictions, Klein
didn't seem to be receiving any restrictions in obtaining that power.

<br />
...Really troublesome. Aria's first attack should have been fatal under
normal circumstances, but it didn’t become a significant injury, and
even the bleeding has already stopped.

While observing Klein and considering his combat strength, Klein's
figure suddenly blurred as he turned his gaze towards me.

"Snow!"

At Aria's voice, I reflexively evaded without confirming the figure of
Klein who should have attacked. With my level 3 body technique and
dynamic visual acuity, I can only catch up with that thing's shadow
anyway.

"――tsu"

That's why I evaded with just my insight, but Klein's physical ability
surpassed even that.

Klein, who raised his one-handed sword, narrowed his eyes that were
chasing me, and while making a distorted smile as if toying with his
prey, he aimed at me so that the trajectory of the sword bent at a right
angle.

I can't evade this. But--

<br />
"――【Iron Rose】――"

<br />
At that moment, with light particles fluttering like wings, Aria's kick,
with her ash iron-colored hair, blew Klein away, and the sword aimed at
me passed just barely in front of me.

It's been a while since I've seen the shadow of death.

Even though it was always next to me in the past...

<br />
"Haha! What is that! Is that your "power"!"

Klein, who was still laughing without any damage even after receiving
the kick with the blade, wasn’t surprised even by Aria's "Iron Rose"
which he was seeing for the first time, and his eyes were gleaming.

Aria and Klein began to clash with blades

Aria, who could use 100% of her physical ability using the Iron Rose,
still couldn’t overpower Klein.

<br />
"Haha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"

"......!"

Aria deflected a blow from Klein, released with such sharpness that the
sword blurred, with her dagger, creating a grand shower of sparks.

Using that power, Aria, who intentionally lost her balance, aimed at
Klein with the blade of her toes. But that kick was easily stopped by
Klein's kneepad.

Klein kicked Aria while she was still off balance. But Aria entangled
her own leg that was received as if she was aiming for it, and slashed
with her knife as if rising up.

But, Klein saw it with his eyes and deflected it with his one-handed
sword, and kicked Aria away, along with the entangled leg.

"――tsu!"

I don't know how much power there was in just a kick, but Aria, who was
blown away by ten houses, put her hand on the ground with one hand, and
landed as if doing a somersault.

<br />
It seems she managed to avoid having her leg broken, but even so, Aria,
who was kneeling and having her attacks almost completely deflected,
cancelled the "Iron Rose" and returned her hair color to normal.

"Haha! Have you reached your limit already! Is that all your power is!"

Towards Aria, who had reduced her power, Klein attacked while laughing.

<br />
"Gaaaawooowooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"

The Kitty roared as if cutting in there, and unleashed a claw 【Combat
Skill】from Klein's side.

Aria sensed that this fight would be prolonged, so she suppressed mana
consumption and at the same time, created a new opportunity for attack.

"Oops"

But, Klein dodged even the deadly blow that gouged out the hard earth of
the rocky area after seeing it with his eyes.

Because of those eyes, most surprise attacks are ineffective. The only
ones that were properly received were Aria's first attack and the blow
from the Iron Rose. The Kitty was also fast, but because of its giant
body, its initial movement was slightly inferior to Aria and Klein.

<br />
The Kitty, who used the Combat Skill, stiffened slightly. Not missing
that gap, Klein, glaring at the Kitty who had gotten in the way, pointed
his hand imbued with mana.

<br />
"――【Lightning Bind】――"

"――【Rock Blast】――!"

<br />
While defending against the rank 6 lightning magic that was activated a
moment earlier, with the rank 5 earth magic that Klein was trying to
release at the Kitty, Klein took distance so as to escape from that
electrified area.

Surrounding the target with a cage of lightning, dealing damage every
time it acts. I thought this magic would be effective, but it didn’t
seem to go that well.

<br />
"Haha! The white one uses amazing magic!"

Klein laughed with a distorted smile, as if he had found an interesting
toy.

Really troublesome. But, thanks to Aria and the Kitty, I've been able to
understand the "Hero's protection" little by little.

The light spirit's protection that Klein received is not physical
enhancement like the "Iron Rose." Probably the Hero's protection is an
instantaneous enhancement of the stats themselves.

Even if it's just for a moment, if his strength, durability, and
agility, all jump to the level of a dragon species while maintaining the
appearance and size of a human, then that threat will surpass even
attribute dragons.

The mass of a giant body is a great weapon, but if you can gain
dragon-level power while maintaining a human form, then the destructive
power in one point will surpass even dragons.

<br />
"It seems you guys need further punishment. It seems you intend to fight
me seriously, but I'll show you "despair" first!"

When Klein said that, he tore off the pendant from his chest, and I had
the sensation that the faint haze surrounding Klein cleared up.

Recognition obstruction...? Come to think of it, Aria wore something
like that before to deceive appraisal. Aria also frowned when she saw
it, and Klein's appraised combat power became visible in our "eyes."

<br />
【Hero Klein】【Race: Human Male】【Rank 6】

【Magic Value: 382/454】【Stamina Value: 373/405】

【Total Combat Power: Instant Enhancement: 9234】

<br />
"Do you understand now? You made me bleed! I'll tear off your limbs and
take you home! It's okay, I'll make sure you don't die even after you
get home!"

<br />
I wonder if he's thinking about something to the extent that we would
consider suicide...?

Aria and the Kitty's eyes narrowed glaringly at the Hero's combat power
and his words, and I got a sense within myself of returning to the old
days.

<br />
Kill to kill, kill to die.

That's right... I've been a little too docile, haven't I?

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0034.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0036.md)

