[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0036.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0038.md)



# 297 Naivety and Resolve

"...\[Soul Thorn\]..."

<br />

The moment I muttered the "activation word," I felt a black flame erupt
within me.

The black flame coiled around my pale, bloodless skin as "thorns," and
the inner flame began to overflow as aether.

<br />

\[Carla Lester\] \[Race: Human Female\] \[Rank 6\]

\[aether: ∞/660\] 20 Up \[Physical Strength: 17/48\]

\[Total Combat Power: 2376 (Special Combat Power: 6472)\]

\[Gift: Soul Thorn Exchange/Life Time\]

<br />

"Snow!!"

Aria's pained voice echoed. Is she angry? She's angry, isn't she.

If I defeat this guy and I'm still alive, I'll take all the scolding she
wants... So, let me kill this guy!

<br />

"―\[Chase Lightning\]―"

The lightning, pushed by infinite aether, attacked Klein with far
greater power than before.

<br />

"Hahahahahahahah! What is that! Is that your true power!!"

Klein laughed loudly at the flock of lightning chasing him, and the
magic sword in his hand intercepted it.

"―\[Vorpal Blade\]―!"

A level 5 one-handed sword technique. All the lightning was struck down
by the technique that released multiple slashes in an instant,
scattering dazzling sparks.

Techniques of level 5 or higher boast a level of power and range above
level 4 or lower. It was said that this was because they were not
techniques created by humans, but by spirits for the "heroes" and their
companions who fought against great enemies.

But, you know...

"The post-use freeze doesn't change, does it?"

<br />

Goggyu!!

"Nuh!"

In that instant... in that slight gap, the kick I unleashed,
approaching, kicked Klein away, breaking the bone in his left arm.

Because it was a technique made for heroes, the cooldown time was also
short, and reuse was also shortened. But the "black thorns" wrapped
around my body forcibly manipulated my body at my will, giving me the
physical ability and strength to respond to that instant.

Even so, my right foot was broken by the power beyond the limit, but I'm
used to the pain, okay?

"―\[Freeze\]―"

<br />

"―Tch!"

Klein, recovering from the stiffness, brushed off the freezing air with
the magic sword swung in his right hand. But the level 6 ice magic,
loaded with plenty of aether, froze half of Klein's body without losing
its power even after being brushed off.

"Damn it!!"

Klein, who shouted, broke the ice that had frozen only a single layer of
skin from the inside.

<br />

Dogoon!!

At that moment, I jumped in again and punched Klein's right cheek with
my left fist.

Klein's cheekbone and the bones of my fist shattered at the same time,
making a sound like giant rocks colliding, bouncing off each other.

Aiming for that moment, I pointed my fingertips at Klein. But Klein
grabbed the hem of my skirt with his broken left hand, pulling me closer
while tearing it.

"It's over!"

Klein's magic sword is swung. I approached even closer without avoiding
it, and caught it with an arm wrapped in thorns.

Ginn!!

The thorns that even stopped Aria's knife were slashed, and the blade
sank halfway into my arm.

"Haaaaaaa!!"

At that moment, I released aether from my entire body.

Infinite aether pushed back the magic sword, and my hair, which was
absorbing aether at such close range that our faces were reflected in
each other's eyes, was dyed black.

<br />

Baaann!!!

With a sound like the air exploding, we were blown away a considerable
distance this time.

"...Fuhahahah! Your power seems to have increased, but you're still just
'Hero-class' after all! It seems it wasn't enough to kill me, a 'Hero'!"

Klein, who landed in a distant place, raised a loud laugh, pointing the
tip of his magic sword at me.

When light covered Klein's entire body, his broken left arm and swollen
cheek that had been crushed were healed in no time and returned to
normal.

"...I know. That kind of thing."

I replied, using \[All Heal\] without incantation, showing how the
broken bones and lacerations healed in an instant, and Klein grimaced
openly.

<br />

I can put up a good fight. But my disadvantage hasn’t changed.

My combat power exceeds 6000, and the difference in strength has
narrowed, but as long as Klein has the protection of the Spirit of
Light, I can't inflict significant damage.

I can't use level 8 magic yet. Level 7 magic might involve Aria and the
kitty, and in the first place, I don't think Klein would allow me the
time to use such powerful magic.

"...Cough."

Even so, what I have to do hasn't changed.

Coughing slightly and spitting out the blood that rose, I further
increased my aether while letting my blackened hair flutter.

...Notice me, Aria.

<br />

\*\*\*

<br />

―Aria’s side.

<br />

"Snow!!"

That girl used her \[Gift\].

I felt anger at that. I was angry at myself for letting Snow make light
of her own life, more than Snow doing so.

What made that happen was my own "naivety." I gained strength and became
stronger. At the same time, I, who had lost everything, had gained
something important.

The people who took care of me. Reliable companions. A kind family.
Important friends...

<br />

Black thorns, like tattoos, wrapped around Snow's entire body, and an
enormous amount of aether erupted, sacrificing her life.

That power exceeded 6000 in combat power by becoming rank 6.

Even so, it's reckless. Snow attacked bravely, but she could only
inflict damage by sacrificing herself and achieving a mutual kill. It
may be the only way for Snow, a magician, to fight alone, but the
protection of the Spirit of Light even healed that.

The hair, absorbing Snow's aether and being dyed black, seemed as if her
life was being sucked away.

"Kuh."

Pain ran through my entire body as I tried to stand up. Still, I felt
that Snow saw me for a moment as I tried to stand up forcibly.

<br />

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

I stood up with all my might and slashed Klein with a black knife, as if
interrupting the two's fight.

Ginn!!

"Hahaha! You're still fighting back! Come at me all at once! I'll kill
you all!!"

Klein swung the magic sword horizontally, easily blowing me away even
though I blocked it with two weapons.

Klein and I are both light warriors with one-handed weapons. The
difference in combat power and stats directly translates into the
difference in strength. What to do to close that gap...?

<br />

"―\[Paralyze\]―"

At that moment, Klein's movements stopped for an instant due to the
effect of paralysis. Taking advantage of that gap, I jumped out while
releasing particles of light from my entire body, aiming for his eye
with my black dagger.

"Tch!"

But Klein, who was clad in light again, canceled the paralysis, and the
blow from the dagger only managed to cut his eyelid shallowly.

Dogon!

At that moment, a kick swung from the side crushed Klein's shoulder, and
Snow's leg was also broken.

"Aaaaaaaaaah!! You're in the way!"

<br />

My attacks were evaded, and Snow's attacks hit. Why was that?

Even though she was strengthening herself with black thorns, Snow's
speed didn’t exceed mine using the "Iron Rose." So what's the reason for
that?

Snow looked at me for a moment while fighting. What does that mean?

...Sorry, Snow.

I won't hesitate anymore.

<br />

"...Ha!"

I head towards Klein again. The moment he noticed it and kicked, I threw
the black knife at him.

"Guga!?"

In the moment that Klein's consciousness was directed at the dagger, my
palm strike, which jumped in while being scraped on the side, punched
through Klein's jaw.

<br />

Snow had no choice but to risk her life because I was too soft.

I hesitated because I was afraid that my companions... my family...
Elena... would cause trouble for someone important by killing the
"Hero."

But that doesn’t matter.

If I let this guy live, it’d be a disaster for everyone I care about.

If it causes trouble for them, then I should just die.

Snow risked her own life in place of me, who had forgotten my resolve to
die.

I won't hesitate anymore...

Snow reminded me how to fight.

<br />

"Youuuuuuuu!!"

As Klein roared, I flashed a black dagger at him, seemingly without
doing much damage, and using it as a decoy, I stepped forward and kicked
him, catching him in the jaw.

This probably won't do much damage either. But that's okay.

"You die here."

<br />

With the resolution to say those words, "murderous intent" like a blade
erupted from my entire body.

At that moment, I felt like something was changing within me, which had
been stagnant until now.

<br />

<br />

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<br />

This time I mixed in Aria's point of view as well.

<br />

The next volume 10 of the book will be more than half newly written,
mixing not only Snow's point of view but also Aria's point of view!

I haven't finished writing it yet though lol



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0036.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0038.md)

