[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0015.md)



# 274 Daily Life in the Royal Capital

"Aria brought her, right? Then isn't it fine?"

"Well, it's Aria-chan, after all."

"If Dalton decided, I have no complaints..."

<br />
How unexpectedly easygoing...

The day after Aria went to see the princess, I met the other members of
"Rainbow Sword."

Is it really okay to be this simple? Well, it probably just means they
trust Aria that much. ...Though some people seem a little intimidated.

"――tsu"

When I gave a smile to the tall and wide dwarf girl, she gave a strained
smile and took a step back.

<br />
"Jesha, she's scary, but she's not a bad person, you know?"

So saying, the vertically large muscle-man... I think it was Feld. He
said cheerfully while patting Jesha and my heads.

Whether he's broad-minded or doesn't care about details, it's not for me
to say, but I couldn't help but stare, wondering how he could casually
pat the head of a murderer like me.

"D-Don't be ridiculous! I'm not scared!"

That's right, isn't it? Otherwise, it'd be like I'm more dangerous than
an attribute dragon.

The other elf, Mira, isn't intimidated at all, like Feld. Or rather, I
was surprised when she put a snack in my pocket without me noticing.

Originally, Viro, one of Aria's teachers and a scout, was supposed to be
here, but he's retiring and becoming a knight of the shadows in my
place. Still, I think he could have at least come to the introduction...

<br />
"Where's Dalton?"

"He's been called by Her Highness. Viro is with him, so I guess they're
going to make it so Snow doesn't have to stop by the guild to renew her
registration."

Feld answered Aria's question, resolving my doubts as well. Even so...
Aria seems to trust him a lot.

It seems Viro used to be something like the vice-leader, but with his
retirement, Feld took over that role and gives us instructions.

<br />
"For now, Aria, just follow Dalton's instructions. And you don't have to
go back to the academy, right?"

"I was going to the academy to guard Elena. Elena also has work at the
royal castle, so it seems I don't have to go back to the academy, so my
job is done."

<br />
Well, that's how it is for upper nobles who have been learning from
private tutors since childhood. The only reason upper nobles attend the
academy is for social introductions.

The graduation ceremony is also held at the royal castle, and
conversely, the princess probably has to work hard to restore everything
so that next year's graduation ceremony can be held. Even so, the
freshmen who thought they could meet her this year are probably pitiful.

After confirming the instructions from Dalton, Feld took out a sealed
letter.

"Viro says to treat him to something next time."

"Understood."

<br />
Aria put the received sealed letter into her \[Shadow Storage\], and
walked towards me.

"What was that?"

"I asked him to investigate something. Let's go, then."

She's still not good at explaining things. I can pretty much guess, but
I lightly shrugged and walked next to her.

<br />
＊＊＊

<br />
"Aria-chan! What have you been doing for months!?"

As soon as we entered the shop we arrived at, Aria was being scolded by
a rock dwarf in a sequined dress, clacking loudly in steel high heels.

With the royal capital in this state, it's normal to be worried if you
haven't been able to contact someone for months. Though it's really not
my place to say.

This shop is the armory of the rock dwarf who also made my dress. If it
was just an armory, there would be bigger and more skilled craftsmen in
the royal capital, but if it's a craftsman who is good at balancing
design and performance for young women, he's the best in this country.

Inside the shop, there are also armor that really make you wonder, "Is
this really armor?"... Armor that only covers the chest and waist, but
does this rock dwarf wear them?

<br />
"...Oh?"

In the back of the shop, a familiar black dress was displayed, and the
shopkeeper, noticing my murmur, turned to face me.

"Ah, that's a prototype of the dress Aria-chan wore to the party. I was
thinking about whether I could make a new design, but..."

After finishing lecturing Aria, the shopkeeper normally spoke to me, who
was with her, but then stiffened when he saw me.

"...Y-You, that height and build, could it be..."

"...Where are you judging someone from?"

"Ah, right."

Just as the shopkeeper was about to reveal it, whether calculated or
"natural," Aria took out that black thing from her \[Shadow Storage\].

"Can you fix this?"

"Aria-chan!?"

<br />
It was the dark dragon material dress she wore in the fight with me.
It's amazing that it didn't tear even after that much fighting. But,
from the creator's point of view, it seemed quite damaged, and the shock
of meeting me seemed to have flown somewhere else.

<br />
"Oh, it's become like this! The self-repair has started with the stains
still on it!"

"And also..."

To the shopkeeper who was frantically examining the damaged black dress,
Aria apologetically took out a white object.

"Hiiiiii!?"

<br />
That was the mithril thread dress I was wearing. It's a dress that
wouldn't even be scratched by a level 1 attack magic, but that one was
spectacularly stained with my blood, and it seemed that the self-repair
had started with the blood still on it, and the shopkeeper was swaying
like seaweed with both hands on her cheeks.

<br />
"...Aaaagh, geez!"

The shopkeeper was quite shocked, but suddenly revived, holding the two
dresses and putting them into something that looked like a water tank in
the back, and desperately pouring in something like chemicals.

"Yeah, I'll do it! I'll completely restore them... No! I'll tailor them
so you can wear them even when you're adults, so be prepared!"

<br />
Prepared for what...? As I was thinking that, Aria muttered.

"We're technically adults this year, though?"

"Oh, that's right."

Both Aria and I will be fifteen years old this year. Nobles attend magic
academy, so next year's graduation party will also serve as a
coming-of-age ceremony, but commoners are seen as adults when they turn
fifteen.

"Will it change that much..."

I unconsciously rolled up the hem of my robe and looked at my own leg.
...Still sickly thin as ever.

Even so, unlike commoners, we are growing with mana. For women, growth
and aging will start to reverse around this time, so age fraud isn't
that bad, but even so, our appearance is about sixteen or seventeen
years old.

My height hasn't increased much either, so will it really change that
much? When I let out my thoughts, the shopkeeper glared at me.

"What are you saying! There are elves around you who eat too many
sweets, and they become a little... \*different\* when they grow up,
right!"

"Ah."

I see.... Certainly, it's normal for human, but compared to someone like
Cerejura, it's a little sad for an elf, isn't it? Fufu.

<br />
After that, the shopkeeper had us fix something that fit relatively well
from the ready-made items, and decided to have proper ones made.

"He said the alterations would be done in three days, so let's prepare
by then."

"Where are we going?"

<br />
Aria said those words to me as we left the shop.

I think Dalton said there were instructions. Since there's a possibility
that I'll be exposed if I'm in the royal capital, maybe we'll receive
some kind of request.

Thinking that, I urged her to continue, and Aria said the destination.

<br />
"We're going to meet Samantha, the previous magician of Rainbow Sword."

---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0015.md)

