[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0008.md)



# 267 The Will of the Dungeon

As we entered the lower levels of the dungeon, we began to encounter
more monsters that were not afraid of us.

There are beast-humanoid monsters like ogres, but as Aria hypothesized,
the proportion of beast-type monsters is increasing as we go deeper.

While killing these monsters, I continue to contemplate quietly on top
of the Kitty.

<br />
--Battle--

"It says to work harder."

"Yes, yes."

<br />
I continue to contemplate while keeping the monsters at bay from a
distance.

I decided to fight with the magic of "lightning" and "ice" instead of
the fire attribute I lost.

Lightning magic is a composite spell of water and wind... but what about
ice magic...?

Aria's "Illusion Magic" is also a composite magic of light and darkness.
But, I can also use light and darkness at a high level, but I can't use
Illusion Magic.

Illusion Magic is wrapping the magic itself around one's body. It's not
just wrapping it around the surface like the earth magic spell \[Rock
Skin\], but it can be said that it has the magic itself residing in its
body.

I speculate that the reason I can't use it is because my magic control
skill is insufficient. Probably rank 6... no, at least level 7 magic
control skill will be required.

Aria made it possible by using the \[Combat Skill\], which is a magic
that uses the body called \[Iron Rose\].

The technology of Cerejura, which was the basis for this, probably kept
magic control within rank 5 by wrapping it around the weapon for just a
moment.

<br />
I can't use body-enhancing combat skills like Aria. I don't even have a
skill for melee weapons. As a lady, I've never held anything heavier
than a severed head.

Even when I was four years old, it was difficult to carry my brother's
remains...

Well, that doesn't matter, but in short, I can't imitate Aria or
Cerejura.

<br />
Lightning magic is relatively stable, but I feel that its power has
decreased slightly. It's a slight difference that only I can feel.

Compared to that, I feel that something is clearly missing from ice
magic.

From here on, it's my own consideration, but I think that magic is
intricately intertwined with various attributes. For example, with
"Storm" magic, the magic of mages who don't have the wind attribute,
whether it's fire or ice, is clearly slower than mine.

I think that if I didn't even have the life magic \[Wind\], it wouldn't
have activated, maybe?

That's why it may be essential for mages to memorize all life magic.

<br />
Therefore, mages with many attributes are simply strong.

Therefore, my Lightning magic, which lost the fire attribute, feels a
little weaker. Even so, fire is not that much involved in lightning, so
it's a slight decrease.

But ice magic is different. Generally, ice magic is said to be an
advanced water magic, not a composite magic.

Even so, if my consideration is correct, ice magic involves more other
attributes more deeply than other attribute magic, right?

<br />
The wind attribute gives speed to ice magic.

The earth attribute gives hardness to ice magic.

Fire magic... I think it's related to "temperature".

That's why it doesn't freeze instantly. Because it doesn't freeze the
internal organs instantly, there is a possibility of receiving a
counterattack when encountering an enemy of Aria's level.

If that's the case... I have no choice but to use ice magic with the
remaining two attributes in mind.

Is it something like this...?

<br />
"--\[Ice Whip\]--"

<br />
My ice whip, which was released with the earth attribute in mind, did
not beat down the three dire wolves, but pierced the three at the same
time and froze them from the inside.

"It's surprisingly useful."

"Gaa..."

"It says to do more."

"............"

I wonder why Aria can understand Kitty's words?

<br />
After that, our capture speed also increased, and we reached the 80th
floor.

But...

"The number of monsters is decreasing?"

"Yeah."

<br />
It's not just that I've started using new tactics, or that Aria and
Kitty have gotten used to the new dungeon monsters, but the reason why
the capture speed is increasing is that the number of monsters that were
increasing is decreasing each time they go down.

<br />
"Gaa..."

The kitty looked ahead... towards the basement, as if worried about
something.

I feel like not only the dungeon's ecosystem but also "something" is
going wrong.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
The dungeon was about to change.

A dungeon is a cave or structure that has been transformed into a
monster by an ancient hermit crab that parasitized it as a "shell." Over
the years, it has become an existence that cannot move as a "core," but
it takes in the residual thoughts of creatures that have died in the
dungeon, and its intelligence has reached the level of a spirit.

Apart from that, there is also a dungeon spirit that has absorbed the
thoughts in the dungeon.

The dungeon's will is to survive. To take in the life force of creatures
and the magic of the earth and grow infinitely.

The dungeon spirit's will is to return the dungeon's power to the world.
The spirit, which has taken in the wills of countless heroes, passes
that power on to new heroes and guides the world for the better.

<br />
The dungeon was captured a few years ago.

It has been captured every few decades to a few centuries in the past,
but what was captured a few years ago was not a saint or a king who
guides people, but a brute force attack by weaklings who were imprisoned
by desire and risked countless lives.

<br />
The dungeon thinks in order to "survive".

Even weak creatures can capture the dungeon if there are enough of them.
It is currently satisfied with just the rewards given by the "spirit",
but foolish people may be imprisoned by further desires and threaten the
dungeon's survival.

The dungeon spirit thinks for the sake of the "world".

It thought that even weaklings could become "heroes" if they were given
\[Gifts\] and work for the world. However, those who received the
spirit's grace used the grace for their own desires and killed countless
of their own kind.

<br />
The dungeon thinks. This dungeon may have been too weak.

In order to survive, it is necessary to get external creatures to enter
to obtain the mana and life force of dead creatures, and it has been
adjusted to create a suitable environment, but it believes that it is
not good for weaklings to easily defeat the monsters in the deepest
part.

The dungeon spirit thinks. It may have expected too much from people.

The "hero" that the spirit seeks must have not only the strength of
heart, but also the ability to be a hero. At the very least, it believes
that monsters that weaklings can defeat in groups are not strong enough.

<br />
The dungeon decides.

The dungeon spirit decides.

A strong monster suitable for the deepest part of the dungeon is
needed...

<br />
There is no communication between the dungeon and the dungeon spirit.
Even if they knew of each other's existence, there was no point in
communicating due to the difference in their thought patterns.

Two different wills made the same decision, and these two wills caused
the strong monsters in the dungeon to fight each other, devour each
other, and begin to aim for the deepest part while repeating their
evolution.

<br />
Strong monsters need a high level of intelligence to see through the
enemy's tactics and fight like "people".

Strong monsters need claws and fangs and the wild strength to fight like
"beasts".

The monsters will devour each other, and for a while the area around the
lowest level will be thinly populated. However, the two wills believe
that this is also a necessary process.

<br />
Dozens of strong monsters were gathered in the deepest part by the will
of the dungeon.

The dungeon spirit uses that will to give "blessings" to the strong
monsters and evolve them into one monster.

<br />
Two merged thoughts...

However, neither has a "human" heart.

The dungeon is only interested in its own survival, and even though the
dungeon spirit loves humans, it could not understand human life.

<br />
"Gaaaaaaarrrr!!"

<br />
A huge shadow roars in the deepest part of the dungeon.

In the dungeon in the human country... The Kingdom of Claydale, the
worst monster that will be a disaster for the people was now born.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0008.md)

