[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0025.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0027.md)



# 286 Holy Capital Farn

"It seems you are the Adventurer Aria-sama and your companions. I have
come to welcome you."

<br />
A few days after entering the Fandora Theocracy, the location of the
Holy Church's headquarters, we arrived at the first post town... or
perhaps it should be called the entrance to the pilgrimage? Upon
arriving in that town, we were greeted by a Temple Knight who identified
himself as being sent to welcome us by the Holy Church.

"I am Dalton of the Adventurer 'Rainbow Sword.' I apologize for being
part of the 'companions,' but could you please run things through me?"

"My apologies, Dalton-dono. My name is Vincent. I see... the Hero-dono
appears to be quite young."

<br />
Around rank 4, with a combat strength of about 1000... or so I'd
estimate.

The middle-aged man, who seemed to be the representative of the Temple
Knights, apparently saw through the fact that the person Dalton was
protecting, Aria, was the Hero.

I want to say he's sharp... but if he's someone who's come to greet a
'candidate for the Hero's party,' then that's only natural, isn't it?
But...

"Snow."

Aria muttered my name from beside me.

...I know. I'm not going to kill them for just a little bit of
underestimation. I wouldn't do it in a place where evidence would be
left behind. How rude.

Even so, it's not as rude as this Vincent, though.

<br />
There's a faction trying to assassinate the Hero, and the Hero seems to
know it and set a trap, so the Holy Church isn't monolithic. Rumor has
it that the aristocratic society of the Theocracy is in even more of a
quagmire of infighting than Claydale, but which side is this man on?

Did he make comments that seemed to look down on Aria because he's
infatuated with the Hero and thinks that a small-time adventurer girl
isn't suitable, or does he think the Hero is a nuisance and doesn't want
the Hero's party to be formed?

In either case, he's rebelling against the Hero's intentions.

How that will play out when we meet the Hero... my excitement has
increased a little.

<br />
It will take about a month to get to the Holy City Farn, located at the
foot of the Sacred Mountain, where the Hero is waiting.

There's a Temple Knight as a guide, so we won't be stopped along the
way, but it's quite troublesome when the number of people increases.
It's good that we hardly have to camp out, but because we're using inns,
the journey will be delayed, so we won't arrive so quickly.

Also, eating meals on the road takes longer than it does for
adventurers. Well, they do most of it for us, so it's not a hassle, but
when there's that kind of time, there are other hassles.

<br />
"I would very much like to receive some instruction from Aria-dono, who
is of Hero-level."

It was a young Temple Knight who seemed to be a subordinate of Vincent
who said that.

Well, it can't be helped. Aria and I are both wearing Demon Beast
leather cloaks, so it's difficult to appraise us unless you have
considerable ability.

Perhaps they don't even have the 《Appraisal》 skill. Appraisal is
essential when you live the kind of life we do, but even among
adventurers, there are people who don't learn it due to the division of
roles.

<br />
"...Understood."

Aria responds without even a hint of annoyance on her face.

Dalton and Feld were hiding it, so they probably only see Aria as a
young woman who has just come of age.

As she stepped forward silently and smoothly, Vincent, who had been
watching the young Temple Knight's words and actions without stopping
him, narrowed his eyes sharply, and as Aria took off her cloak, sighs of
admiration leaked out at her appearance, while several stifled screams
escaped.

Vincent and two others possess the Appraisal skill...

"Then I'll be going, Aria-dono!"

The Temple Knight who challenged her didn't notice any of that and swung
his sword, still in its scabbard.

<br />
Thud--

"--agh"

The young Temple Knight collapsed before he could even swing his sword
down.

"............"

"It cannot be helped..."

Vincent answered Aria's silent gaze in that way, and had his other
subordinates recover the fallen Temple Knight.

Normally, since she had been asked, she would have to show a certain
amount of skill and give "instruction."

But, the young Temple Knight couldn't even measure the difference in
skill between himself and Aria, and swung as if holding back, with the
sword still in its scabbard.

There's no point in giving proper instruction to someone who doesn't
even understand that kind of difference in skill.

That's why Aria ended it by smashing his jaw with a single step in the
moment he swung.

<br />
After that, we were no longer looked down upon just because we were
adventurers. There are also rank 5 existences like Dalton and Feld, but
it's probably because of Aria's extraordinary combat ability and her
lovely appearance. The younger Temple Knights have an atmosphere of
respect towards her just because of that.

However... only that Vincent continued to give me a gaze as if he was
sizing me up.

Even at 'me.' ...What a troublesome man.

<br />
In this way, we arrived at the Holy City Farn. Even though it's called a
Holy City, it's not that much different from other towns. However, there
were a lot of white plaster houses.

And the biggest difference was this scenery...

"That's..."

"The 'Sacred Mountain.'"

Feld replies to Aria's murmur.

A tall mountain covered in white snow... We could see it along the way,
but when we entered this city, we could see the main peak of this
continent, Mount Kyrios, without anything blocking our view.

The town is of little use to us. Vincent seemed to feel the same way,
and after staying one night at an inn in the town, we headed to the Holy
Church's main temple on the Sacred Mountain as if passing through.

<br />
The Holy City Farn is at the foot of the Sacred Mountain, at the second
stage, and the main temple is located around the fourth stage of the
Sacred Mountain.

We left early in the morning, but at this rate, we'll probably arrive
around noon. It can't be helped since it's further north than Claydale,
but the altitude is also rising, and Jesha, who grew up in the desert,
was shivering as if cold.

<br />
"Open the gates! We have brought the Hero Aria-dono!"

<br />
At the voice of Vincent, who was leading the way on horseback, the large
doors in the high outer wall creaked open. After passing through a
straight-line avenue and an area that seems to be the residences of
believers, we finally arrived at a large building that appeared to be
the main temple.

The main temple was about the size of a castle, but there was no king
inside.

There is no king in the Fandora Theocracy. Because it is not a country
ruled by a king, but a country ruled by "law."

The Theocracy is self-governed by the robe-wearing nobles. The
highest-ranking person here is the Pope, who is chosen from among the
Cardinals, but we were allowed to meet with one of the Cardinals.

<br />
"Welcome. Honored guests."

The Cardinal who greeted us in a solemn room was a man who looked to be
about fifty years old. Judging from the size of his mana, I think his
actual age is much higher, but contrary to his cheerful tone, he casts a
judging gaze at us.

His strength is only around rank 3, so he's probably someone who became
a Cardinal through politics.

I think this person is from the 'Hero faction.'

<br />
Inside the room are us, the female Shrine maiden attending the Cardinal,
and the Temple Knights guarding.

But the "Hero" is not there.

"Shall we begin the discussion?"

"Please wait a little longer. He will be here soon--"

<br />
...Here he comes. I can feel a strong presence even through the door.
Those who noticed it raised their faces and the door they were looking
at opened.

"Hey, did I keep you waiting?"

The man smiled cheerfully with his bright red eyes, narrowed his eyes at
the sight of Aria sitting on the sofa, and slowly stood next to the
Cardinal.

"You're late, Klein."

"My apologies."

Hero Klein. The real Hero who came from another continent.

Even this close, I still can't appraise him properly, so he's quite the
monster.

"Well then--"

"Wait. Let me speak first."

The Hero interrupted the Cardinal's words, shook his black hair as he
moved, and went to Aria's side and knelt down.

"What...?"

Aria glared at Klein with a suspicious face. Klein took her hand without
being intimidated by Aria's pressure and gently kissed it.

<br />
"I won't beat around the bush. Please, become mine."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0025.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0027.md)

