[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0023.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0025.md)



# 284 Reunion

On the road heading towards the Holy City of Fandora in the Fandora
Theocracy, our carriage sensed an ambush by bandits... but the presence
of those bandits is disappearing.

It would be fun if a powerful monster appeared and attacked them, but it
doesn't seem to be the case....

<br />
According to the stories I heard in town, the area around the Fandora
Theocracy, the headquarters of the Holy Church on this Sars Continent,
is patrolled by many Holy Knights who are exterminating powerful
monsters.

...Well, the Holy Church gathers believers by deciding that dark elves
who are just dark-skinned are humanoid monsters, and treats them as
enemies of humanity, so they can't acknowledge monsters, can they?

However, they haven't been able to completely exterminate low-level
beast-men races like goblins, which only have a strong breeding ability,
or magic wolves, which are only fast at running away. Even the Holy
Knights, who can cross the border almost freely, can't deal with bandits
who are on the neighboring country's side of the border.

If that's the case, maybe the Temple Knights have come here on a
business trip....

<br />
"...I can see it."

To be exact, I can't see much yet, but I can hear the sound of many
living things moving, dust rising into the sky, and voices like screams.

But I can't hear the clash of swords between people. And rather than
screams, it sounds more like...

"A shriek... perhaps?"

My lips naturally curved into a smile as I realized that, and my feet
quickened.

Ah... this is going to be fun.

<br />
"――Gyaaaaaaaah!!"

A scream like a pig being torn apart could be heard, and a thick scent
of blood filled the surroundings.

There seemed to be some survivors, but by the time I approached, the
corpses of men who appeared to be bandits were already lying on the
ground.

"They're not just bandits."

I used my foot to turn several corpses onto their backs to check their
equipment.

They weren't dressed in simple clothes, like poor farmers from the
neighborhood resorting to banditry. But they weren't like members of the
assassin's guild either, who would wear disguises. They were all wearing
the same equipment, as if they were all being controlled.

Could this be an assassination squad used by nobles...?

Not assassins hired by someone to assassinate individuals like the
assassin's guild, but a private unit of nobles or the like, who don't
mind making sacrifices as a group to kill their master's political
enemies, and who reliably kill their targets even if they have guards.

<br />
With this equipment and number of people, it would be understandable if
we were the target, but we have no reason to be targeted, as we have
nothing to do with politics.

There may be forces within the Holy Church who do not want the hero to
gain more companions, but if that's the case, what is the being that is
killing them...?

Maybe that person is the one――

"――tsu!"

<br />
Suddenly, a wind magic spell was fired from the forest with \*killing
intent\*, tearing through the trees along the way. I used ice as a
shield to defend against it.

"Hee..."

Sensing the \*killing intent\* that I inadvertently leaked out due to
the presence of a strong being, the \*someone\* who was far away
suddenly unleashed an attack magic spell.

I threw off my cloak and imbued myself with mana, and my pure white
hair, which is different from before, fluttered like wings in the
aftermath.

<br />
"――【Levitate】――"

My body floated lightly, and I flew in the direction from which the
magic was fired.

How rude, attacking with magic without even saying hello. I slammed
\*killing intent\* and \*intimidation\* into the depths of the forest as
a greeting, and in response, a huge rock came flying, breaking trees as
it went, along with an intimidation that was similar to mine.

"――【Ice Lance】――"

<br />
\*Dogoon!!\*

With a roar, the giant rock and the pillar-sized ice collided,
scattering a large amount of rock and ice fragments around.

"A match...?"

Seeing that they were equal to my mana, I became very interested in the
other party.

"It would be fun if I could kill them... oh?"

I could feel the other party's \*presence\* approaching with tremendous
force.

Did I hurt their pride a little? I understand. You realized that your
level 4 【Stone Cannon】 was canceled out by my level 3 【Ice Lance】,
right?

"Welcome. I'm the one who hurt your pride."

<br />
A strong presence and mana were approaching at high speed.

They were using powerful magic, but perhaps they're not a mage like
Aria?

"――【Dig Volt】――"

They might have thought that they would hit me directly because they
knew I was a mage, but I have no obligation to go along with that.

I released an electric shock with enhanced magic and an expanded range
as if to envelop a corner of the forest, and several screams could be
heard, indicating that the assassination squad was still in the forest.

As if to drown out those screams, a large amount of mana erupted from
the other side.

<br />
\*Gooooooooh!!\*

At that moment, the flames of 【Dragon Breath】 pierced through,
canceling out my electric shock.

The surrounding forest was engulfed in the huge flames, which were just
like a dragon's breath, and the voices of the assassination squad that
were still left were silenced by the aftermath.

I went out of my way to not burn it down...

"――【Ice Storm】――"

My rank 5 ice magic raged and enveloped the flames of the burning
forest.

At that time――

<br />
\*Zan!!\*

The forest, the flames, and the raging blizzard were all cut in two, and
the aftermath became a blade of mana and attacked me.

"――tsu!"

\*Ginn!!\*

The 【Ice Whip】 that I used on the spur of the moment... was cut.

No way!? It even stopped Aria's knife.

It was probably not magic, but a high-level combat skill. The hem of my
dress was torn as I jumped back the instant the ice whip was cut, and I
unleashed lightning towards the \*shadow\* that jumped out of the cut
forest.

"――【Chase Lightning】――tsu!"

<br />
The released lightning bolts changed direction and chased the
\*shadow\*.

But by further increasing its speed, that \*shadow\* dared to jump into
my arms and broke through the range of the lightning.

The \*shadow\* that was approaching at high speed thrust its sword
towards my heart.

But no, you can't. I've decided that only Aria can stab my heart with a
blade.

While twisting my body so that I could avoid the organs at the very
least, I chanted 【Freeze】 as if aiming for a mutual kill by increasing
my mana.

At that moment――

<br />
\*Ginn!!\*

<br />
"――Aria!"

What intervened in the meantime and blocked the tip of the blade was
Aria, who was wielding a black knife and dagger.

You came to see what was happening because the battle had become so
intense...

"Get back."

Aria, who repelled the enemy's sword with her two weapons and gained
some distance from each other, leaped out at the same time as they
separated, and both of them simultaneously raised their weapons.

<br />
"――【Dancing Reaper】――!"

"――【Vorpal Blade】――!!"

<br />
Aria's rank 5 dagger technique is unleashed. But in conjunction with
that, a young man's voice rang out, and his rank 5 sword technique
exploded, and parried Aria's combat skill.

Eight strikes and five strikes. Even so, the two perfectly clashed due
to the difference in weapon length, and they were canceled out, and the
two were repelled again, and only by taking a large distance were we
finally able to confirm the \*shadow's\*... the other party's
appearance.

<br />
"Hee... it was a girl."

The one who said such a carefree line was a young man who looked to be
in his late teens.

Black hair flowing smoothly and red eyes....

He smiled innocently with a face that also looked childish, narrowed his
eyes as he looked at Aria and me, who were on guard, and lowered the
unsheathed one-handed sword.

"Could it be that you're... no, you are. I was planning to lure out the
enemy, but I had an unexpectedly good encounter. I never thought that
there would be two heroic figures, not just one."

<br />
With that, he jumped back lightly and took more distance, put his sword
into its sheath, and gave us a full smile.

"I wasn't in the mood, but I'm looking forward to it now. ...I'll be
waiting for you. In the Holy City."

He disappeared at wind-like speed as he was.

We both exhaled at the same time after confirming that his figure had
completely disappeared and his presence had vanished.

"Snow... that was"

"Yes, it is... probably."

<br />
That strength. That was probably... the "Hero."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0023.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0025.md)

