[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0013.md)



# 272 The Role of a Magician

《--...A deal? What are you saying?--》

<br />
In the world of spirits... the young spirit looks at me with a puzzled
expression at my words.

<br />
《--Are you saying you will give something to me? The "humans" only need
to wish. I will grant only one wish.--》

<br />
"If it is a great spirit, then that may be so. However, my wish is big.
I only have one wish, but it is big, so I am sorry."

When I say that and smile, the spirit nods quietly.

<br />
《--Indeed, in the past, there were "humans" who made greedy wishes. But
I have granted even those wishes. To a child who wished to obtain
everything of a certain girl, I gave them the opportunity to contract
with a mental lifeform that grants various wishes.--》

<br />
For this spirit, mediating between humans and demons is about that level
of significance, huh?

"I want to combine several magic attributes. However, I don't want to
trouble you with troublesome things. So, would you listen to my idea?"

<br />
《--That much is nothing. To combine all attributes into a "Chaos"
attribute--》

<br />
"It won't go that far."

I cut off the spirit's words before they are finished. If it is said
completely, it might be confirmed.

Besides, a Chaos attribute? Wouldn't that turn me into a demon? I am a
little interested, but it will not end well anyway. I will probably be
turned into an ugly imp.

"I want you to combine the attributes other than Light and Darkness into
two, making them "Lightning" and "Ice"."

When I state my wish, the spirit frowns slightly.

<br />
《--That is certainly greedy. You are saying two wishes. That cannot
be.--》

<br />
"But if you mix too much, it will become Chaos. Besides, if you only
make it "Lightning", "Earth" will be left over."

<br />
《--Even so, the attributes will be combined into two. What more do you
seek?--》

<br />
"My wish is to combine them. With that, "Earth" would be discarded. Is
it greedy to wish for something for me, who would be throwing away a
precious attribute?"

...It is definitely greedy.

If I abandon "Light" and "Darkness", I could have an easier negotiation,
but if I lose those two, I cannot maintain my ailing body. I also
considered strengthening those two, but I couldn't combine Light and
Darkness like Aria.

"Light" and "Darkness" are Aria's powers, so I won't wish for that.

<br />
《--In that case, I will give you back the "Fire" that you sealed in the
past. Once something is sealed, it must be forged from the beginning
again, but it is just right as a substitute.--》

<br />
Returning a useless attribute and making an offer that only puts
pressure on my heart, I smile back.

"Then, if I add that "Fire", wouldn't it become two attributes
properly?"

<br />
《--But even so, the wish is still two. That cannot be helped.--》

<br />
"No. I am losing "Earth", and I am also losing the new "Fire", you see?"

I sincerely deceive as if this were the truth.

But there is no problem, right? The rules are up to you.

"This transaction is not about offering something to you. It is a
"transaction" to fulfill one wish, to seek your mercy for me who is
losing things."

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"--【Paralyze】--"

<br />
The rank 5 Lightning magic Paralyze strikes the Chimera. As expected,
it's impossible to stop all of it with something this big.

If I had only made the attribute Lightning, I might have been able to
strengthen it a little more, but if that were the case, I might have
received unnecessary things again and shortened my life.

But, it's enough if it stops even for a moment.

"--【Ice Whip】--"

The still moving parts are entangled like thorns by the Ice Whip,
pinning them to the floor.

"--【Ice Storm】--"

<br />
The Ice Storm, used with dual-casting, increases in range and envelops
the giant Chimera, freezing its entire body in an instant.

But--

<br />
\*Bakin!!\*

" --GiiiiGaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!"

Regardless of the paralyzed and frozen surface shattering, the Chimera
created countless arms from the inside and shattered the ice.

Rank 7... it's really a monster. How did Aria and the Kitty defeat the
Dark Dragon?

But, that's fine.

"Aria!!"

I am not alone anymore.

<br />
"HaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

"GaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

Aria and the Kitty, who were saving their strength believing in me, jump
out from the left and right and launch their full power attacks.

"--【Reality Breaker】...【Dancing Reaper】--!"

<br />
A desperate blow that stacks a combat skill onto the Iron Rose, which is
also a combat skill.

The light of Reality Breaker is transmitted through the blade, and the
black knife, which has become a "sword," cuts down new limbs as if
mowing them down, like the dragon fangs that were its material.

And the combat skill of the Kitty, who is Rank 6, deeply tears apart the
Chimera's body that has lost its defense.

<br />
"GiiiigyaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAA!!"

<br />
The Chimera's roar, like a death cry, echoes. But it's not dead yet.

Even if we can win with one more push, that one push is not enough. The
Chimera is an aggregate of countless beasts. Even if it dies, it will
not die as long as there are living parts.

Those living parts are aiming at the two who launched their combat
skills. The Kitty, who has just released its combat skill, cannot move.

Aria is no longer in a state to fight after stacking combat skills on
top of combat skills.

Aria's eyes, about to receive that attack, were reflecting "me," not the
enemy Chimera.

<br />
I am not alone. There is no need to fight alone anymore.

I have become an adventurer. And if this is an adventurer's party, the
scout Aria is a ranger. The Kitty will probably become a warrior.

Both of them have the role of "chipping away" in the party.

Then what am I? I am a "mage." I use my wisdom and magic to reduce the
danger to the party. What is the most important thing for a mage?

That is... overwhelming "destructive power."

<br />
Believe in yourself. Believe that you can do it. If you can't do it
here, that feeling of vowing to live for Aria, and Aria's heart, will be
wasted.

rank 5 is not enough. But, I focused my attacks on Lightning and Ice,
and perhaps because of that, the level of magic control, which had been
stuck for a long time, reached 6.

The reason I, who only believes in my own power, obtained 【Soul Thorn】
was to use magic above my level. I, who have little life left, wanted
the ability to "borrow" that power, believing that I would eventually
reach that realm with my own power.

And now, that time has come.

I can... do it!

<br />
"--【Lightning Bind】--!"

<br />
Lightning thorns entangle the Chimera's giant body, continuously dealing
damage with fierce lightning without disappearing. Feeling mana
decreasing for the first time due to the enormous mana consumption, I
still unleash the final blow.

<br />
"--【Freeze】--!"

<br />
The Chimera freezes completely white--

\*Pikiiiin............\*

The lightning bind shatters the frozen Chimera into dust, and ice
crystals dance in the dungeon like powdered snow.

"This is... the end."

<br />
.

\[Snow\] \[Race: Human Female\] \[Rank 6\] 1 Up

\[Mana: 34/660\] 20 Up \[HP: 15/48\]

\[Strength: 7 (9)\] \[Durability: 4 (5)\] \[Agility: 14 (18)\]
\[Dexterity: 10\]

\[Body Arts Lv.3\]

\[Light Magic Lv.5\] \[Dark Magic Lv.5\]

\[Water Magic Lv.0\] \[Fire Magic Lv.0\] \[Wind Magic Lv.0\] \[Earth
Magic Lv.0\]

\[Ice Magic Lv.6\] 1 Up \[Lightning Magic Lv.6\] 1 Up

\[Non-Attribute Magic Lv.5\] \[Life Magic x6\] \[Mana Control Lv.6\]

\[Intimidation Lv.5\] \[Detection Lv.2\] \[Abnormal Resistance Lv.3\]
\[Poison Resistance Lv.3\]

\[Simple Appraisal\]

\[Total Combat Power: 2376 (Magical Attack Power: 4688)\] 456 Up



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0013.md)

