[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0003.md)



# 262 Resurrection from the Underworld

I was supposed to die.

In reality, I was dead.

I can't see anything, can't hear anything. I don't even have a sense of
my body, just dark, cold darkness....

But that darkness was a painless peace I had never experienced since I
gained awareness.

The rest of "death" that had finally arrived. I want to just fade away
in slumber... my wish was betrayed miserably.

<br />
"............"

From the darkness enveloped in peace, I was awakened by the hateful
"light," and the first thing I felt was the "pain" that tormented my
nostalgic body.

"--Are you awake?"

I heard a woman's voice. Perhaps my body isn't normal yet, sounds like
I'm hearing it underwater resonated in my ears, and in my blurry vision
that barely opened, I only saw the silhouette of a woman like a black
shadow.

I faintly smell medicinal herbs....

Who is she...? Friend or foe...?

Ah, I remembered that I didn't have any friends, and I tried to refine
mana within my body, but it didn't work, and I just felt the heat in my
body increasing.

"...Don't push yourself, really."

The woman's voice sounded exasperated. At least she doesn't seem to
intend to harm me, but why does this woman speak like an old person,
even though her voice is young?

"My unsociable apprentice will be back soon, so get some sleep for
now... you were really dead until recently."

"............"

The woman's black hand touches my forehead.

Ah... I was really dead. If that's the case, then this isn't a dream,
and I really came back to life?

...How troublesome. In my hazy consciousness, I became annoyed with
thinking, closed my eyes to the pleasantness of the hand touching my
forehead, and fell asleep again.

<br />
"Good morning."

"............"

When I woke up to a pungent smell and a strange bitterness in my mouth,
I heard the voice of an even younger girl this time.

"Sleep a little longer. Your stamina hasn't recovered to double digits
yet."

That cold way of speaking. You're as usual as ever. My blurry vision
gradually comes into focus, and I can see sparkling, pinkish-blonde
hair.

She told me to sleep... but I feel better than last time, so I ignore
the pain and try to get up from the simple but often-washed bedding that
feels good against my skin.

"...Where... is... this... Aria?"

"It's my master's hermitage."

The pink-haired girl who fought to the death with me - Aria.

I wonder how much time has passed since then, neither Aria nor I are in
dresses, Aria is in her usual adventurer's outfit, and I'm dressed in a
homespun poncho.

Aria lifts herself from the chair at the workbench where she was
sitting, casually approaches, grabs my head, and pushes me back onto the
bed.

"I made more. Drink this."

From a container with a rim as thin as a beak, a thick, pungent liquid
is poured directly into my mouth. ...This was the bitterness that was
lingering on my tongue.

"...Is it... poison...?"

"Poison wouldn't work on you, right?"

Aria doesn't change her expression at all at my complaint, and she makes
me drink the rest of the liquid.

"...Are you angry?"

"Of course."

Aria replies to my words like that, and then returns to the workbench.

"I'm here."

"............"

How curt... but that's just like her, and I felt more reassured than by
anything or anyone else's words.

<br />
After that, I slept and woke up several times.

What I was being given changed from a poison-like medicine to a
bad-tasting barley porridge mixed with herbs, and I heard about what had
happened so far from Aria.

<br />
The reason I couldn't use fire magic anymore was, as expected, because
of that golden dagger.

The orichalcum dagger seems to be the reward for Aria and me conquering
the demon tribe's fortress dungeon. It's also a one-time disposable
item. That dagger that erased my fire attribute shattered and
disappeared.

You can only wish for one thing in a dungeon.

To use such a precious reward for something like that... how stupid.

Aria had coated the surface of the golden dagger with a "medicine." Not
poison, but a heart stimulant. Aria, who originally intended to kill me
once, said that she bet on the possibility that I would come back to
life due to the effects of the stimulant I received before I died.

<br />
"What was the probability?"

"About 20%?"

<br />
If I were to die once and come back to life, that's a pretty good
probability.

But even that was a high probability that she was only able to achieve
thanks to my abnormal amount of mana and the fact that the pressure on
my heart was relieved by losing the fire attribute.

Also, the fact that Aria put me in \[Shadow Storage\] when I was in a
state of suspended animation helped keep me in good condition.

Aria, who killed me, came to this place with my body, where her master
is. The demon woman I saw when I first woke up was Aria's master, after
all.

<br />
"Being treated like luggage is terrible."

"Would you have preferred I dragged you? You should thank Nero."

<br />
Certainly, if it weren't for that kitty's speed, we wouldn't have been
able to reach this place, and if it weren't for Aria's master, who also
has heart problems, I might have died again soon after being
resurrected.

I wonder where the kitty is? When I tried to sense its presence, the
kitty noticed, manifested the illusion "Black kitty" from Aria's shadow,
looked at me, and snorted.

<br />
Even when I had all the attributes, I was told that I wouldn't live past
the age of twenty.

Even now that I have one less attribute, I probably only have about that
much time left to live because of the lifespan that was shaved off by
\[Soul Thorn\].

I, who had died once, was given a few more years to live.

I was called back from the peace of death that I had been hoping for to
this life full of pain.

"............"

I touch my pure white hair.

My jet-black hair turned pure white, perhaps because I had died once,
and I looked like a real ghost reflected in the water.

I was called a demon child by my parents, and a major criminal who
killed my family and many people.

To try to save someone like me is really stupid....

Because I can't leave such a stupid child alone, I'll use the few years
of life I have left for you.

<br />
After that, I lived with them while eating bad-tasting medicine and
strange food that Aria made.

Aria's master, as expected of a demon, knew magic, spells, and tactics
that I didn't know, and I also felt like I enjoyed her classes and magic
discussions.

After several weeks passed and my condition recovered, and I was able to
hunt monsters in the forest, Aria suddenly brought over luggage for two
people.

<br />
"We're going to go conquer a dungeon."



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0003.md)

