[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0018.md)



# 245 Intentions Part 1

"I understand your story..."

Elena nodded with a grave expression after hearing my story.

Elena, as a princess, understands what is necessary.

Under normal circumstances, Elena would not have tried to become queen.
In peaceful times, Elvan could have become king even if he was ordinary,
based solely on His Majesty the King's decision. Even if he didn't
achieve great things, Melrose and Dandorl, members of the old royal
family, would serve as his close advisors, and a princess from an old
noble family would support him as his queen.

However, now is not "normal times." The country is divided into
factions, foreign powers are infiltrating, and nobles seeking personal
gain are trying to attach an ignorant queen to a powerless king, using
the public opinion influenced by religion, a force that cannot be
ignored, as their backing.

"If your plan works well, we may be able to lower the charisma of that
troublesome Saintess... But, to be honest, I'm still confused, and I
hesitate to use you... Aria."

Elena looked straight at me and spoke not as a princess, but as a young
girl.

"Are you okay with this?"

I have avoided nobles to escape, but I've already made up my mind.

"I won't run anymore. This 'power' is for that."

<br />
Not to escape fate, but to destroy the story (fate).

I sought power for that purpose, and I became stronger for that purpose.

But when I was about to give up, when I was about to lose, the "promise"
to protect you, Elena... that made me stronger.

<br />
"...Yeah."

Elena unconsciously reached out and took my outstretched hand.

"So, 'use' me, Elena."

"Yeah... Aria."

<br />
The discussion is settled, and we start moving towards our goal.

First, we need to request cooperation from various parties for this
matter.

"In particular, we need thorough discussions with the Melrose family. It
would be good if the Prime Minister returns soon, but if Mikhail returns
first, it's bad of me to say this after he's just returned, but we'll
have him work right away."

Elena, back in her role as a princess, began preparing for meetings with
the noble families who have been her allies. Especially since the
neutral faction is wavering due to the Amor incident, it's necessary to
keep them on our side.

According to information brought by Sera, who returned after the
discussion with Elena, Dandorl and Melrose successfully repelled the army
of Undead thanks to the arrival of the First Knight Order.

"Successfully"... even so, there were still some casualties, but it was
lower than expected considering they were facing Undead. If Amor had
been left unattended, there was a possibility that not only would the
Frontier Count's family have been annihilated, but we would have
suffered fatal damage from relentless attacks.

The Undead didn't stop their activity even after Amor was defeated, but
in exchange, the knights who still had some will also lost their will,
and the army that lost its command structure was no longer an invincible
enemy, even if they were Undead.

There is still post-processing to be done locally, but Elena believes
that because of this situation, Dandorl and Melrose will return to the
royal castle as soon as possible.

<br />
"...Let's leave my brother to her."

Elena's position is complicated. She is moving to overthrow her brother,
but that doesn't mean she has completely lost her feelings for him as
family.

That's why, if she... Clara, tries to save him, Elena intends to allow
it.

Now that she is freed from the curse of having to become queen, she will
likely seek a way to resolve the issue without antagonizing Elena.

She will cooperate but not interfere. The rest is up to Clara... those
two to decide.

<br />
After finishing the discussion with Elena, I headed to Gelf's shop in
the city to prepare myself.

There is no need to change my weapons. If I had time, I would have
Garbas take care of them, but Gelf can do the maintenance. Besides, my
black knives and daggers, which are enhanced with adamantine, are
difficult to enhance further.

But armor is a different story. If the "stage" for the final battle is
the academy's graduation party, I needed equipment for that.

<br />
"Gelf, are you there?"

The store is open, so she should be there, but as I stepped into the
still customer-less store, the sound of pin heels echoed from the back,
and Gelf, wearing a diva-like costume, swaying his hips from side to
side, finally stomped his foot on the floor with a "click" and turned
around.

"Oh, Aria-chan, you've become even more beautiful. How do you like my
costume? Wouldn't even Aria-chan be captivated?"

"Yeah."

I didn't know that leg hair could pierce through fishnet stockings.

"So, did you come here for tea today? There's a rare confectionery
called 'macaroons' that's become famous in Dandorl, you know."

It seems like strange things keep coming out of Dandorl. I know of
similar things from that woman's "knowledge," but I didn't come to drink
tea.

"I want equipment."

"...You're still so dry."

Every time I come, Gelf preaches to me about "What is femininity?" but
when you come to an armor shop, it's obvious that you want armor.

<br />
"Aria-chan's equipment was just replaced recently, and it doesn't need
maintenance yet, does it?"

"Yeah."

My leather dress uses the flight membrane of the dark dragon, an
attribute dragon. In terms of defense and mana resistance, I couldn't
ask for more from light armor. When I explained the situation where I
still wanted "armor," Gelf's eyes sparkled.

"Then I have something good!"

"Why?"

What was he expecting to have on hand? As I tilted my head in question,
Gelf grabbed my arm and dragged me to the back.

What was there was...

"A black dress...?"

<br />
A beautiful, glossy black dress was provisionally assembled on a wooden
mannequin.

My current equipment is also in the shape of a dress, but it's shaped to
allow for vigorous movement, and the hem is shortened accordingly. But
this was a "real dress" like something you would wear to a ball.

However, the fact that it was no ordinary dress was evident from the
thousands of magic steel pins of Gelf's treasure that were hammered into
the seams of the provisional assembly.

Ordinary needles wouldn't go through, and it was made of a special
material that required pre-drilled holes. Just like my equipment.

<br />
"I received the same materials as a production fee for making your and
Mira-chan's equipment. I was wondering what to make, but even if I made
it as a hobby, Aria-chan is still my exclusive model. I made this 'Night
Sky Dress' with you in mind."

<br />
As expected, the dress was made from the highest-grade material, the
flight membrane of the dark dragon.

The tanning method was different, giving it a velvet-like luster, and it
really looked like stars were twinkling in the night sky.

At first glance, it just looked like a cloth, but even when Gelf
carelessly slashed it with a steel knife, only a faint white line
remained, and the mark disappeared just by lightly wiping it with a
finger.

<br />
"Aria-chan's current equipment considers general defensive power and
uses the thicker parts of the flight membrane, but this dress uses the
thinner parts, so it's not much different from wearing a silk dress. It
has cut resistance, but it's weaker against blows, but in exchange, it
uses a lot of flight membrane, so its mana resistance is increased. You
can brush off level 1 attack mana with the hem."

"Amazing..."

Because it's a dress, some parts are draped like decorations, which
increases the weight, but I felt that the high mana resistance was
necessary for the "final battle" with that girl.

But, should I really use such equipment? Gelf smiled when he saw that
thought on my face.

"This is my 'hobby'! If Aria-chan wears this and breathes life into my
'work' on the big stage, that's my life's purpose!"

"Gelf is really amazing..."

I sincerely respect Gelf's passion.

"Regarding the cost, I have no problem because I'm getting a big job
from somewhere else. Platinum coins fifty... that's a tremendous job.
Moreover, full payment in advance... I couldn't help but deposit the
entire amount in the Commercial Guild."

"...That thing?"

<br />
It was there in the direction of Gelf's gaze.

It was provisionally assembled on a wooden mannequin. The upper body
exposed the shoulders and back, while the bottom had a large amount of
fabric intertwining like a large rose: a silver-white dress.

Platinum coins, which are not generally distributed and are only used as
rewards from commercial guilds or nations, numbered fifty... Even Elena,
a princess, doesn't have a dress worth five thousand gold coins.

Did the queen have it made to match the crown prince's graduation? But,
based on what Elena has told me about the queen's personality, I can't
imagine them indulging in such extravagance.

In the first place, there's no way a single dress would cost that much,
and would the royal family commission a dress from Gelf, who is an armor
maker? No way.

It's not just a dress, like the "Night Sky Dress," this is "armor."

<br />
"Mithril dress..."

"That's right. It's all made of fibrous mithril. Its defense and mana
resistance are comparable to a dress made of attribute dragon membrane,
and except for the legendary orichalcum, which is said to be
unprocessable by humans, I think this is the 'strongest' dress."

"............"

It's also due to Gelf's skill, but both are equipment that could be
called national treasures.

But, who (specifically) is going to wear such a mithril dress...? Gelf
has a duty of confidentiality and will not talk about the client, but
for a moment, the figure of a black-haired girl wearing it and wrapped
in flames flashed in my mind.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
(...How did it come to this?)

Elvan, the crown prince of this country, was agonizing alone in his
private room in the Prince's Palace.

No one was by his side. There were people to take care of his personal
needs, but the attendants, who only saw Elvan as the crown prince, were
waiting in the waiting room, and no one was there to empathize with his
suffering.

The two people he once thought of as companions and friends were no
longer there. Amor had been defeated for the crime of rebellion and
erased from the royal family, and the obituary of Nathaniel, who had
been bedridden for a long time, had also arrived from the head of the
Holy Church's temple.

He once thought of them as companions and friends (specifically). But,
as the two became infatuated with that Licia, a "gap" gradually arose in
the relationship with the two. For that reason, even when he received an
invitation from Licia to pray for Nathaniel, he could not go to see her.

The reason for that gap was a memory with a certain girl....

<br />
"--Your Highness, are you awake?"

"W-what is it?"

Elvan, flustered by the sudden voice from outside the door, was informed
of the content in a slightly restless voice by the attendant.

<br />
"Clara Dandorl-sama is here to see you."

<br />
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone begins to move with their own thoughts.

Next time, Intentions: Part 2.

Everyone's thoughts will be revealed.

I'm writing a lot of troublesome content this time as well, but frankly,
it's half a hobby and half an extra for the battle.

I feel like the battle has more depth if the back story and reasons are
clearly defined.

<br />
The first volume of the comic adaptation will be released on the 15th of
this month, and the third volume of the book will be released on the
19th!

I'm also constantly posting the latest information on Twitter, so please
stop by if you're interested.




---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0018.md)

