[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0024.md)



# 251 Graduation Event "End of Dream"

『§†ヾ†□∮‡‡￠――――』

"――【Rock Blast】――"

<br />
The white maid-like demon—Colette—emits a miasma of chaos from her
mouth, which is met by countless rock bullets fired by Karla.

Doooooooon!!

The shockwave from their collision mows down evacuees and knights alike,
even destroying the outer walls of the venue. Amidst the screams and
death throes of those showered in rubble and debris, they move the
battlefield outside the castle.

<br />
"Karla!"

Count Leicester, the chief court magician who was protecting the royal
family with wind magic, gnashed his teeth at his daughter's actions that
were spreading the damage. Clara, protected by the Royal Knights and
Elvan, trembled at the sound coming from the direction of the town.

"A song... I can hear it."

<br />
『――――――――――――――――――――――！！！』

<br />
Colette, floating in the sky above the royal capital, makes her voice
heard over a wide area.

A demonic melody that humans cannot even comprehend. The people of the
royal capital, like Clara, tremble at the singing, but there are also
those who are captivated by the song.

The Temple Knights of the Holy Church, devout believers... those who
were once fascinated by the figure of the Holy Woman and still believe
in her now. And the nobles who were deeply involved in trying to exploit
her stop in their tracks and look up at Colette floating in the air with
expressions as if they are "dreaming"—and then the abnormality begins.

"......Ugh... aaaaaah... aaaaaaah... aaaaaah..."

A groan of suffering leaks from these people, and they foam at the
mouth. As the surrounding people rush to the side of their neighbor who
has suddenly begun to suffer, the victims begin to attack other humans
with yellow, clouded eyes.

<br />
The power of the dream demon becomes more and more binding the more you
believe in it. Those who were caught up in the allure of the Holy Woman
and approached her with various thoughts fell into the trap of the
"demon" standing by her side, and their minds were deeply entangled in a
"nightmare".

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"

Perhaps with some of their hearts still remaining, the heartbreaking
cries of those who have slain their wife, husband, parent, or child
resound.

Colette, bathed in the harvested "negative" emotions, wears an entranced
smile, and the mana emanating from her entire body overflows as if it
has increased.

<br />
\[Dream Demon Colette\] \[Race: Greater Demon\] \[Difficulty Rank: 6\]

\[Mana Value: 4721/4812\]

\[Total Combat Power: 5193/5293\]

<br />
"――【Flare Brid】――"

But at that moment, dozens of fireballs rain down on those who are
screaming, and the remnants of the believers sink into the flames that
burn the city.

"Black-haired... woman!"

"Fufu."

Colette raises a voice of resentment, which Karla mocks. As they both
increase their mana, a fiery giant appears as if breaking through the
burning building.

<br />
"Ugoaaaaaaah!!"

<br />
\[Amol\] \[Race:――\]

\[Mana Value: 608/630\] \[HP Value: ――/――\]

\[Total Combat Power: 3856\]

\[Super Regeneration\] \[Confusion\]

<br />
The maddened giant of insects, burned by Karla's flames, rampages while
scattering flames, and the remains of Amol, having found one of its
archenemies, lets out a crazed scream.

"Kaaaaaarlaaaaaah!!"

Amol grabs a massive piece of rubble and hurls it at Karla, who is
dancing in the night sky. Karla looks down coldly and the rock bullet
she fires pierces and shatters the rubble.

As Amol begins to climb the building in an attempt to attack directly,
and jumps off the roof—

"Gaaaaaaah!!"

A jet-black whirlwind blows through, and the blow from a massive claw
sends Amol's giant body flying.

<br />
\[Nero\] \[Race: Coeurl\] \[Phantom Beast Species Rank 5\]

\[Mana Value: 312/330\] \[HP Value: 520/520\]

\[Total Combat Power: 2541 (Body Enhancement in progress: 3210)\]

<br />
"Beast!"

"Gaaaaah!"

Nero, chasing after its escaped prey, and the giant insect Amol collide
while roaring, destroying several buildings and further expanding the
devastation.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
The screams of people can be heard in the distance. The cries of people
fleeing in panic. And even from here, it is clear that fires are
breaking out in the royal capital.

<br />
"Aaaaliciaaaaaaaaaaah!"

"Licia," whom I caught a glimpse of for just a moment, disappeared, and
that woman once again punched me with reckless movements.

Clang!

I dodge the fist that is swung with appalling speed and slash at her
defenseless arm, but the blow that I unleashed intending to break the
bone is stopped by the bone. I am blown away along with my body after
receiving a blow from her arm, which was swung around haphazardly, with
my dagger.

"!"

I spin like an acrobat, greatly fluttering the hem of my dress, and
create distance.

"Kyahahahaaaaaa!"

That woman immediately chases after me as well. I also try to regain my
posture, but that woman's speed exceeded my expectations.

Her fighting style is reckless, but her physical abilities far exceed
the limits of the body. She is already moving in a way that humans
cannot. At that rate, her body should be collapsing just from moving,
but the parasitic insects are probably repairing her at the same time.

The wound that I had already slashed had also been filled by the
insects. Most likely, "Licia" will disappear when everything except the
magic stone has been replaced, just like Amol.

<br />
"Lady Alicia, I will assist you!"

But at that moment, perhaps because the evacuation of the general public
was mostly complete, some of the knights rushed in.

"Don't approach carelessly!"

Common sense does not apply to that woman who has gone off the rails.
But the knights tried to neutralize her, who had been the Holy Woman, in
a way that was based on common sense. But—

"Hyaaaaaaah!"

"Guah!?"

That woman struck the shield that the knight had struck at her, and the
knight, who had been blown away with such force that his right arm and
shield were crushed, was slammed into the floor.

That woman attacks the knight in an attempt to pursue. But, in that
instant, I, who had regained my posture, held my black dagger and sprang
out like an arrow.

"――【Critical Edge】――"

"What!?"

I unleash a sure-kill combat skill. Even if she doesn't know the details
of the combat skill, that woman's face distorts as she realizes that the
strike is aimed at the magic stone in her heart.

――Clang!

"――!"

But that woman dodged the aim of the combat skill with a movement that
humans could not possibly do. As a result, my strike does not become a
critical hit, but rather a normal attack and is blocked by the insects
and bones.

If I crush the magic stone in her heart, that woman should disappear.
But, just like I couldn't do it before when I tried to crush it with a
stone, there is a fear that I won't be able to destroy it with a normal
attack, so I used a combat skill, but aiming for a small magic stone is
not easy.

But, perhaps even such a strike had slightly grazed the magic stone,
that woman's appearance changes.

<br />
"――Aah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah..."

Her whole body begins to tremble violently, and as she spews blood as if
her flesh is tearing, insects wriggle out as if flying out and cling to
Licia's body. On Licia's body, the upper half of a woman made of insects
is formed.

"Alicia..."

The insects form even the hair, and the aggregate of insects that has
become that woman's face calls out my name.

<br />
"Y-you monster!"

The knights point their weapons at that woman who has already become
inhuman, as if protecting me, who had just used a combat skill.

"Don't interfere!"

"Kyahahahahaha!"

In response, the insect woman and Licia's face wear the same expression
and attack the knights with four arms. The knights also block them with
their shields and slash with their swords and spears, but their weapons,
which did not assume such a monster, were not large enough to use on the
battlefield.

"Guoh!"

The knights' swinging blades do not dig into the surface of the insects,
and they are knocked down without being able to block completely with
their shields.

Thud!!

But, a pendulum-shaped weight, taking advantage of that momentary gap,
strikes the side of Licia's head, scattering blood spatter as it blows
her away.

"Fall back! That thing is not normal!"

I send the pendulum flying and entangle the knights with its thread,
moving them away from that woman.

"...Aliciaaa!!"

Even a blow that would kill a human instantly does not stop that woman.
As the blood-soaked Licia's face glares at me with just its eyeballs,
she attacks me without chasing the knights.

<br />
"............"

There is a build-up of mana heat in my right arm from the combat skill
from earlier, but my left arm can still move. Both legs have the long
hem of the dress, but because I released the slit on the right side, it
is not hindering my movement that much.

Right now, which is the main body, the insects or Licia? Where is that
woman's magic stone?

But, either way is fine. I had been conserving it in preparation for the
fight with Karla, but I will stop worrying about my remaining strength.

I will kill both that woman and Licia as promised.

<br />
"――【Dancing Ripper】――"

<br />
A four-hit combo unleashed with all my might with just my left arm, but
I forcibly accumulate the mana that should have gone to my right arm in
my legs with mana control and unleashed another four-hit combo with the
blades on the tips of my left and right toes.

The hem of my black dress spreads out like a peacock, and a transformed
eight-hit combo that slashes apart the bodies of Licia and the insect
blows away their bodies with each strike, blasting them out of the
castle while breaking through the stained-glass windows that were still
intact.

<br />
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"

As the last kick slashes Licia's neck halfway, the insect's body that
screamed separates from Licia and flies away towards the demon as if
escaping.

Thud!!

The remaining slashed body of Licia is slammed into the courtyard, and
I, fluttering my skirt, descend next to it without a sound.

"...I let it escape?"

Is that woman's main body over there? But, that woman who only has a
magic stone and the insect's body remaining shouldn't have much power
left. I won't let her escape.

<br />
"..."

A small coughing sound stopped my feet as I tried to head back to the
battlefield again.

Licia... is she still alive? A normal person would already be dead. The
only reason she is alive is because the effect of the insects remains
slightly.

There is no way to treat her anymore, blood is spilling from her entire
body incessantly, and the clinging insects that were keeping her alive
had withered away as if they were dried up because that woman had left.

"...Do you have something to say?"

Just somehow... when I call out to her one last time, Licia's eyes open
slightly and her lips move as if to smile just a little.

"...I'm so tired... I'm sleepy."

Perhaps because she is no longer in pain and her memories are also
muddled, Licia lets out a voice with a gentle face with the sharpness
gone. I felt a sense of miasma, rather than mana, around her heart,
which seemed like proof of the sin that her soul was still bound to the
demon.

"...I was having a dream.... Hey... can you believe it? I... took the
prince of this country... for a ride.... Amazing, right...?"

"Yeah..."

When I respond to that, Licia shivers slightly and slowly closes her
eyes.

"...Ah... it was fun..."

<br />
"............"

She's a selfish woman to the end. I take my eyes off Licia, who has
stopped moving, turn my eyes to the next battlefield, and start walking
without looking back.

If there is an afterlife, wait for me....

<br />
"I will properly kill that woman and the demon."

<br />
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Licia ended up this way. It is not that she was tossed about by fate,
but rather the result of a path she chose herself, just like Aria and
Elena. That's why there are no grudges.

<br />
Elena "Aria! (How indecent!)"

<br />
Next time, Aria heads to the burning city.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0024.md)

