[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0031.md)



# 258 Graduation Event "Passion"

"Mikhail-sama... Aria is—!"

"Calm down, Theo."

From a corner of the damaged royal castle, the young men watch Aria's
battle.

Theo, as Mikhail's aide in the combat division of the shadows, was
working behind the scenes to deal with the disputes that would
inevitably arise at the graduation party.

Therefore, having prioritized the evacuation of the invited guests,
Theo, who could not participate in the battle at the venue, could only
watch Aria's battle from afar with the same frustrating feelings as
Mikhail, who also remained behind the scenes.

<br />
"............"

Not only that, Theo felt a sense of regret about that girl, who he had
been by her side as a guard for a short period.

The members of the royal family, including Mikhail, saw Licia only as an
enemy. Theo certainly thought so too, but having accidentally witnessed
the last scene between her and Aria, Theo prays for her soul because he
knows her.

Although she was a troublesome and bothersome "enemy," Theo knew that
she was not a bad person.

<br />
"Theo, don't let your mind wander. While Aria... Alicia is fighting, our
role is to protect what she is trying to protect."

"...Yes."

While scolding Theo for worrying about Aria, Mikhail was overwhelmed by
his own powerlessness.

Theo admires Aria. Mikhail feels the same, but his feelings are also
akin to admiration and worship. He understands his role in this
situation and remains behind the scenes, but that is because Mikhail
could not stand beside Aria in this battle.

Aria's existence will have a significant impact as a result of this
incident.

Princess Elena, who stood as the new Crown Princess through her own
ability.

Karla, the most formidable magician who surpasses even Aria in combat
power.

And Saint Licia, who plunged the kingdom into chaos.

In this situation, only these three were able to stand in a position
equal to Aria. Regardless of how this ends, Mikhail darkened his
expression, wondering if he could protect Aria from domestic and
international interference.

(Even so... I...)

<br />
   ＊＊＊

<br />
Amidst the lightning that enveloped everything around me in a flash, the
silver light that I unleashed into the sky with all my might tore
through the lightning.

DODOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

A deafening roar, as if a giant thunderbolt had struck, resounded, and
amidst the shock that blew away everything around me without a trace, I
mustered even more strength.

BIKIIN――――…………

<br />
In the clash of forces on an impossible scale, I heard a cracking sound
coming from the black knife and dagger that I held up with both hands.

As the clear metallic sound faded away, the lightning also ended, and
Karla's figure, bleeding from the mouth, appeared in the night sky where
the dark clouds had been torn apart.

Karla's blood-stained lips curved into a faint smile. I closed my mouth,
as if hiding my clenched jaw.

Our battle is not over.

<br />
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

At that moment, Karla, falling straight down, and I, leaping into the
sky, collided, and a sound like striking a giant bell resounded.

Karla can no longer use large-scale magic. Not because of mana issues,
but because Karla's body shouldn't be able to withstand it.

The same goes for me. The damage I took was severe, and my whole body
was screaming with every movement.

<br />
I threw away the two cracked weapons and struck Karla's face with the
gauntlet filled with iron sand that I had gripped.

After all, no proper blade would get through. Karla, without being
intimidated by this, punched my face with a fist covered in black
thorns.

GOOON—GOOON—!

Heavy metallic sounds, unimaginable for a bare-handed brawl, struck my
ears. With each collision, Karla's mana and silver light scattered, and
intense shockwaves shook even the night sky.

GOOON!!

We collided at speeds invisible to the eye, and Karla's kick was met by
my kick.

The Rank 10 body enhancement from the Iron Rose effect carved into the
earth with every step. In response, Karla used the black thorns wrapped
around her entire body to approach me with speed and power.

"Haaaa!!"

"Ahaha!!"

With a single step, we flew across distances of more than ten meters,
and each blow unleashed sent us flying dozens of meters.

We clashed in an entangled manner, changing locations with high-speed
movements, and smashing through buildings that were still intact while
exchanging blows.

<br />
GOOON!

Karla's elbow strike hit my face, and the impact loosened my tied-up
hair. While reeling back, I grabbed Karla's arm, and with my hair
fluttering, I headbutted Karla's face.

GOOOOOOOON!!

"――――tsu!"

And stared at each other from point-blank range as if glaring――

"Get more serious."

"Don't be absurd."

BACHIIN!

Karla's mana and silver particles exploded, pushing our bodies apart by
a slight distance. In an instant, our fists collided again, scattering
intense sparks.

The bones in our fists creaked, and blood flowed from our fists, which
had finally broken through each other's defenses.

<br />
"Haa!!"

Spreading silver particles like wings, I shot out like a cannonball and
slammed into Karla's body with my shoulder, sending her flying.

I chased after Karla, who flew away while spitting out blood, and Karla
forcibly changed her posture, performing a somersault to kick me with
her mithril stiletto heel.

I received it with my heel at the last moment, grabbed Karla's leg, and
slammed her into a stone building while swinging her around. Within the
building that had begun to collapse from the impact, Karla's leg was
entangled with the thorns on my arm, and she slammed me into the
building as if kicking me.

While exchanging kicks and punches amidst the collapsing walls and
ceiling, we simultaneously kicked the floor to pieces and leaped up. We
broke through the ceiling of the collapsing building and soared into the
sky, and as Karla swung her arm, a vast amount of mana became a physical
shockwave that raged.

"――tsu"

I, wrapped in silver light, floated in the air without resisting the
impact. But at that moment, Karla, spewing out mana and approaching,
sent me flying like a giant iron ball.

"Gofuu"

My body creaked, and blood seeped into my mouth. But in that instant, I
grabbed Karla's body and kicked it while smashing it into some building.

<br />
DOGOOOOOOOOOM!!

The battlefield shifted from the surroundings of the destroyed temple to
the noble district.

The silver light and Karla's mana stirred up the furnishings of the
evacuated noble residences. Karla threw a giant stone table, and I
shattered it with a kick, sending the scattering giant fragments flying
toward Karla.

"Fu!"

Karla breathed out, caught them with the hem of her dress, and shattered
them with her knee.

In that instant, I leaped up, kicked off the ceiling, and delivered a
heel kick to the top of Karla's head.

GOON!

Karla blocked it by crossing her arms, grabbed my leg, and slammed it
into the stone floor. Then, she slammed it into the ceiling as well and
blew me away with a mana shockwave as if crushing me.

"Haa!"

In the instant when my line of sight was cut off, I slipped through the
shockwave with silver light, erased my presence, and kicked through the
stone floor of the second floor. Then, blending in with the dust, I
kicked Karla in the back, blew her through the plaster wall, and sent
her flying.

<br />
"tsu!"

I wrapped silver light around my arm and fired it there. But at that
moment, Karla fired mana and shockwaves from her entire body, blowing
away the dust along with the rubble and collapsing the building.

Dodging the scattering fragments and jumping in, I unleashed a jumping
kick with silver light at full power, like a storm.

"HAAAAAAA!!"

The barrage of kicks filled with spirit blew Karla away, and she charged
through multiple noble residences beyond. But Karla forcefully stopped
her charge by driving black thorns into the surroundings, and countered
by striking my face with a knee kick.

GOOON!!

<br />
Even if slashes don't get through, strikes become shock and damage
accumulates.

Our attacks were penetrating each other's defenses more often, and Karla
was laughing while spitting out blood mixed with saliva, as was I.

"More, more, Aria!! I can't be killed otherwise!"

We traded blows, traded kicks, and now we were just punching each other
without even defending.

With every blow Karla landed on me, her heart was conveyed...

My heart should have been conveyed as well.

"...Then, why are you crying?"

<br />
Karla was crying while laughing. To me, that figure looked like an
infant hitting me while crying.

We became adults. But that was only through growing with mana, and we
who had only forcibly gained adult knowledge were nothing more than
helpless children crying out for parental love.

We are children who could no longer be children. Children who had given
up on being children, Elena and... surely Licia too.

To resist fate, I chose to fight to survive... Karla chose to fight for
revenge, I fight to live, and Karla fights to die.

That is why we exchange blows.

In this world where we can only see each other, we exchange blows while
crying like young children.

<br />
"Kill me, Aria!!"

Karla's bloodstained fist, laughing and crying as she shouted, struck my
cheek.

"Won't you die with me...?"

That fist was the most... painful one so far.

I punched back with my own bloodstained fist, and Karla smiled sadly as
she was blown away.

"You're so mean..."

<br />
Leaping onto the roof of the collapsing noble residence, Karla, spewing
mana and leaping in, kicked me in the stomach.

"What do you want me to do?"

My elbow, wrapping in silver light and leaping in, struck Karla's
forehead.

"This is all I had left."

Karla, wrapping black thorns around my leaping body, slammed me into the
ground as if throwing me.

"I couldn't show that I was alive in any other way!"

Forcibly bending my legs from the ground where I had been slammed, I
pulled Karla closer, and then kicked through Karla's face.

"If I live, more people will die..."

Karla spat out bloodstained saliva and gently raised her right hand to
the sky... and in that night sky, flames rising to the sky from six
directions of the royal capital were gradually gathering.

<br />
"...【God's Wrath (Megiddo)】... God's wrath for the forbidden act of
piling matter upon matter... if this magic explodes, the royal capital
will be erased."

<br />
The moment those flames gather above the royal capital and Karla utters
the activation word, Rank 8 fire magic will scorch the royal capital.

The only way to stop it is to kill Karla.

Karla seeks "death" to that extent.

You can understand if you take Karla's power. It's not just magic. Body
enhancement, thought acceleration, and all the resistances she has
acquired are the result of constantly being targeted for her life in
order to fulfill her revenge.

And no one can leave the "most formidable" who has gained the
"strongest" power and fulfilled her revenge alone, and the earth will be
stained with the blood of all living things until Karla breathes her
last.

That is why Karla craved "death" so madly.

Not by the hands of those who say she is not right, but by "my"
hands....

"...You idiot."

Karla's attention wandered for a moment at my mutter, and my knee,
shattering the earth as I leaped out, pierced Karla's defense and
shattered several of her ribs.

"I! Said I'd kill you!!"

<br />
Even if I didn't do this, I would have killed you anytime if you went
berserk.

Even if it cost me my life....

<br />
"Can't you trust me that much!"

As if layering combat techniques on the Iron Rose, which is a combat
technique, I unleashed the 【Dancing Ripper】 of more than eight
consecutive strikes using my bare hands and legs.

Karla's entire body was battered by the hand swords and kicks. Unable to
withstand that power, my left arm broke, and blood gushed out from my
entire body.

Karla, too, had several bones broken and spat out blood as she was blown
away.

But Karla didn't stop. She gave me a small smile with a tearful face,
and manipulated her tattered body with thorns, and thrust all the black
thorns from her entire body together like a spear.

<br />
There is no way for me, who used a reckless combat technique, to defend
against it now. But my bloodstained right hand moved slightly and used
that from the bottom of 【Shadow Storage】 to tear apart the thorn
spear.

Karla's eyes widened.

In those deep purple eyes, she sees the figure of me, holding a small
"golden dagger" and leaping in.

Karla...

"You will die here today."

<br />
We intertwined as if colliding, were slammed to the ground, and I,
straddling Karla, swung the golden dagger down toward Karla's heart.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0031.md)

