[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0014.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0016.md)



# 243 Distorted Holy War 10

"——【Reality Breaker】——"

Particles of "darkness" scattered from the combined light and dark magic
【Reality Breaker】, and my body teleported several tens of meters away.

<br />
\*Thump!\*

<br />
The black knife I swung the moment I appeared, cleaving through the
trees while engulfing particles of light. However, Amor was not there;
his figure had already leaped to the next tree, and I could only see his
back.

<br />
"——tsu"

<br />
Amor could leap with his monstrous form, but he could not fly through
the sky. I could jump to locations within my sight, but my gaze would
momentarily stray from my target.

<br />
If he ran on the ground, I could catch up with teleportation, but Amor,
currently leaning more towards a monster than a human, was likely
heading towards the royal capital, leaping from tree to tree like a
monkey, preventing me from launching a proper attack.

<br />
Even with the dragon blood pill suppressing mana consumption, my mana
was nearing its limit.

I temporarily gave up on finishing off Amor, dispelled 【Iron Rose】,
and drank a mana recovery potion I took from my pouch while chasing
after Amor.

<br />
"..."

<br />
I wonder if Melrose is safe... Even if I defeat Amor, there's no
guarantee that the Undead will stop.

<br />
If that was Amor's 【Gift】, they should stop. However, based on my
experience meeting the two spirits in the dungeon, I didn't believe it
was a Gift.

<br />
The same goes for Nathaniel's ability. I can't imagine being able to
control such a demon with a Gift.

<br />
If that's the case, what is that demon? Just like Elena reduced her
attributes by wishing for healing, could there be a forced "contract"
with a demon as a result of simply seeking power?

<br />
Demons are likely involved in this incident as well. If Amor's power was
granted by a demon, then the one at the center of it is... that "Saint."

<br />
Melrose has likely defeated most of the Undead with a will of their own,
so they should be fine if they use tactics well.

<br />
Praying for the safety of the people I left with Melrose, I trusted them
and ran across the ground, chasing after Amor who was heading towards
the royal capital.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"

<br />
Amor ran across the ground, letting out an irrational scream from the
left half of his face, which had lost its reason.

<br />
His words and actions were already far from human, and his figure,
mowing down the trees leading to the royal capital as he advanced, felt
like he had become a "monster" in both body and mind.

<br />
Behind Amor, who was running through the forest at several times the
speed of a human, Karla flew in the night sky.

<br />
With Karla's attack power, she should be able to stop him with rock
bullets or ice spears. If she got serious, she could probably burn the
forest to the ground.

<br />
"Fufu..."

<br />
However, Karla did not attempt to intervene, maintaining a faint smile.

<br />
Karla also has weaknesses. The fragility of her body is like that of a
sick person, and she forcibly extends her life by forcefully healing
herself with light magic, but that only postpones "death."

<br />
Karla's weakness now is that she can't overuse her 【Gift】 to maintain
her life, but in the current situation, it seemed as if she was letting
Amor run free for some purpose.

<br />
Amor escaping and Karla chasing him.

<br />
The closer they get to the royal capital, the higher the probability of
encountering people. Even at night, a large amount of goods are being
transported into the royal capital, and merchants are traveling back and
forth.

<br />
Even so, they were fortunate that they didn't encounter any people in
Amor's path, but instead, Amor, who jumped out of the forest and onto
the highway, encountered the First Knight Order, which had departed from
the royal capital towards Dandorle.

<br />
"What is this monster!"

"All troops, prepare to intercept!"

<br />
Faced with the sudden appearance of the grotesque figure, some of the
three hundred knights of the First Knight Order, unable to recognize it
as Amor, took up defensive positions.

<br />
"Don't get in my wayyy!!"

<br />
Amor, transformed into a giant, blew away the First Knight Order's
cavalry along with their horses.

<br />
Several cavalrymen were incapacitated by the attack, but fortunately,
most of the insects that scattered from the blow had died due to Amor's
magic stone shattering.

<br />
The insects, which had barely survived because they were connected to
Amor, turned into black dust and disappeared after being separated from
him.

<br />
"Engage!"

<br />
While the other knight orders mainly guarded the royal capital, the
First Knight Order was equipped and trained to take on offensive roles.
It was an effective tactic for them to immediately take up thrusting
spears without fear upon seeing Amor's figure, but the problem was that
the "monster" was beyond their expectations.

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

<br />
Multiple spears pierced Amor's insect body. However, Amor, letting out a
shriek, entangled the spearheads with his insect body and blew away
several knights with his powerful arms.

<br />
"That's blasphemyyy!!"

<br />
Several knights stopped moving at the "voice" shouted from Amor's mouth.

<br />
These knights were high-ranking knights who knew that the mastermind
behind this rebellion was the "Prince," and they knew his appearance and
voice.

<br />
The knights' movements became sluggish as they realized that the
grotesque monster was once a "human," and they became victims of the
rampaging Amor.

<br />
But at that moment—

<br />
"——【Lightning】——"

<br />
\*Doooooooom!!\*

<br />
A lightning bolt that fell from the night sky with a roar struck Amor,
also mowing down the surrounding knights.

<br />
The 【Lightning】 spell travels in a straight line and is a magic that
is difficult to affect the surroundings. The knights who were blown away
by the aftereffects groaned in pain but recognized the black-haired girl
floating in the sky, and their faces twitched.

<br />
The Thorn Witch... Karla Leicester.

<br />
Many have witnessed her fighting demons in the royal palace and royal
capital, and many of their colleagues have been caught up in the battle
and lost their lives, and her existence was known with fear.

<br />
Seeing the area around Karla electrifying and dark clouds gathering in
the starry sky, several knights let out inaudible screams as if they had
encountered a "Demon King" from a fairy tale.

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?"

<br />
The lightning bolt released again struck Amor, blowing away several
knights who were too late to escape.

<br />
"M-Miss Leicester, what are you doing!"

<br />
A knight, likely the captain, shouted at Karla, but she did not change
her expression in the face of the criticism, and opened her mouth with
slight annoyance.

<br />
"Are you still here? Go to the Dandorle mansion quickly. If you stay
here..."

<br />
Karla changed only her lips into the shape of a smile, as if speaking to
the knights and Amor.

<br />
"...you'll die."

<br />
Everyone in that place took a step back without realizing it, feeling an
unusual "demonic aura" emanating from the girl who was not yet an adult.

<br />
However, that unknightly, instinctive fear saved their lives.

<br />
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"

<br />
Perhaps it was the harm from leaning towards a monster, or perhaps it
was the insects' instinctive "fear," the insects eroded and devoured the
human face that remained on Amor, and Amor's body, having lost his mind
again, began running in the direction of the royal capital.

<br />
Karla, raising the corners of her lips, chased after him. The knights of
the First Knight Order could only watch in astonishment as those who had
passed through like a storm caused damage.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!!"

<br />
Amor, letting out a scream, reached the outer walls of the royal
capital.

<br />
The countless short arrows and discolored parts on his back were the
result of my struggles, but the arrows had no effect, and the poison
only killed the insects on the surface.

<br />
The Amor's flesh that was there at first, leaving only the right half of
his face, is no longer there...

<br />
Neither poison nor slashes will work on that anymore. The only way to
defeat it is to crush it with overwhelming power. Can my illusory magic
do that?

<br />
If he stops for even a few seconds, there is a chance. The moment he
reaches the outer wall, whether he climbs or destroys it, he will have a
few seconds.

<br />
But—

<br />
"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?"

<br />
A scream was heard from the outer wall. I put strength into my fatigued
legs to increase my speed, and there was a civilian there.

<br />
"Civilians on the outer perimeter in a place like this!"

<br />
Even though it is the royal capital, not everyone lives inside the
walls. There are hundreds of people, including guards who manage simple
lodgings and shops for those who cannot afford a house in the royal
capital or for individual merchants who could not reach the gate before
closing time, who have created a settlement-like structure in front of
the castle gate.

<br />
However, that is near the gate, and I didn't think there would be people
so far away from it.

<br />
The screams of people. Amor, who started climbing the outer wall, and
disoriented, almost naked men and women found me and clung to me as if
seeking help.

<br />
I dodged them with footwork and stepped over the face of a large man who
appeared to be an adventurer to leap over him, but at that time, Amor
was already about to finish climbing the outer wall.

<br />
"——【Levitate】——"

<br />
Instead of climbing the wall, I used levitation to jump over the
ten-meter outer wall in one go.

<br />
The difference in the means of jumping over that wall closed the
distance with Amor.

<br />
"——【Pain】——"

<br />
Amor stopped moving for a moment due to the 【Pain】 I released. The
【Pain】 is already losing its effectiveness. But in that moment, the
pendulum-shaped weight I threw shattered the back of Amor's head, but
only insect corpses scattered, and Amor continued running as he was.

<br />
That direction is... the Holy Church's temple.

<br />
"——【Iron Rose】——"

<br />
My pinkish-gold hair turned into an ash-gray color like scorched iron,
and I spread particles of light like wings. While drawing a comet of
light, I chopped off Amor's arm from behind and crushed it along with
the insects, as if engulfing it in particles of light.

<br />
"——!?"

<br />
However, that arm regenerated in an instant, and I was blown away by the
new arm that was swung around, smashing through the doors of a closed
shop.

<br />
Amor's regeneration power is increasing? What's in the royal capital? I
jumped out of the destroyed store, put a dragon blood pill in my mouth,
and continued to chase after Amor.

<br />
The distance had widened. I jumped onto the roof, using the screams of
the people who had finally noticed the appearance of the monster as a
landmark, and I could see Amor's back jumping across the rooftops.

<br />
However, in my eyes as I was about to chase after him, I saw a huge fire
aether rising from afar.

<br />
\*Boom!!\*

<br />
Flames like a dragon's breath flew in and killed a large number of
insects, grazing Amor.

<br />
"Guooooooooh! Come, my other half!"

<br />
As he was burned by the flames, Amor let out a scream, and from the same
direction the flames came from, a giant insect of the same appearance as
Amor, scorched, ran across the roof.

<br />
Other half? Could it be that the reason he only had half a body was
because he was split in two?

<br />
If my Amor's regeneration power increased by getting close to that one,
then I must not let them get close.

<br />
I allocated the Iron Rose's body enhancement to speed, readied my knife,
and instantly approached Amor's back.

<br />
"——!?"

<br />
But at that moment, a lightning bolt flew in, and in my eyes, as I
barely dodged it, I saw black hair fluttering and waving even higher in
the sky.

<br />
"Karla!"

"Fufu"

<br />
Why is Karla here? Did that Amor run away from her? Karla, who was
blocking me, stood in my way in the night sky.

<br />
"Why are you interfering?"

"You're the one interfering."

<br />
Karla simply replied to my question.

<br />
"——【Reality Breaker】——"

"——【Soul Thorn】——"

<br />
Particles of light and darkness mixed together from my entire body, and
silver wings fluttered.

<br />
Black thorns entangled Karla's entire body, and a vast amount of mana
overflowed.

<br />
\*Goooooooom!!\*

<br />
Karla interrupted me as I tried to chase after Amor, and the royal
capital resounded with a boom and shockwave like heavy iron clashing
against iron in a clash exceeding a combat power of 5000.

<br />
Multiple lightning bolts released by Karla slipped through my body.

<br />
Karla deflected the countless blades of illusion that I released with
thorns that dyed her entire body black.

<br />
Is this your wish... Karla!

<br />
"——【Fire Storm】——!"

"——【Dancing Reaper】——!"

<br />
I cut through Karla's exploding flames by layering technique upon
technique, and blood spurted from my overstrained right arm.

<br />
"But I don't care!"

<br />
I threw the dagger in my still-slightly-moving left hand into the air,
entangled it with my foot, and kicked Karla in the face with the sole of
my shoe.

<br />
\*Gooooooooon!!\*

<br />
Once again, a roar echoed in the sky above the royal capital, and the
shock of mana blew away the surrounding roof tiles.

<br />
"Gah..."

<br />
Karla retreated while spitting blood from her mouth after taking the
dagger with her foot. But Karla's fingertips moved slightly, and
lightning was fired from there.

<br />
Can I dodge at this timing? Just as I was about to jump out at the cost
of taking damage, an "electric shock" released from the darkness
collided with the lightning, and a black giant intercepted the lightning
as if protecting me.

<br />
"Nero!?"

"Gaaaaaa!"

<br />
Why is Nero here? But before I could think about that, the roar of a
"monster" could be heard from the direction of the temple.

<br />
"Uoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!!"

<br />
The two Amors merged, and the only remaining right half of Amor's face
floated an expression of terror and ecstasy. It was turned towards me
with bloody tears as if seeking help for a moment, and then disappeared
as if swallowed by the insects.

<br />
The giant body of insects grew larger and larger... the giant body,
exceeding twenty meters, roared directly above the temple, and perhaps
because its ominous figure was reminiscent of a demon, the screams of
the residents who had experienced that terror many times reached even
here.

<br />
No... that's not a scream.

<br />
"What is that..."

<br />
Not just the surrounding residents. Residents, likely having gathered
from all over in their sleepwear, were raising their voices around the
temple.

<br />
At the center of them was that woman—the "Saint."

<br />
"Everyone, God is testing our faith! Now, pray to God!"

"Pray to God!"

<br />
The voices of the people merged with the Saint's "words" and "figure."
My consciousness momentarily strayed at the sight of the residents, as
if they were being manipulated by someone, praying to the Saint and
Amor.

<br />
"Well, see you later, Aria. It was fun."

"Karla!"

<br />
Seeing that, Karla, who was still alive, smiled kindly with a
blood-stained face and headed towards Amor.

"Nero!"

--Yes--

<br />
Nero, who understood in an instant, took me on his back and chased after
Karla.

<br />
But our movements were a moment too late, and Karla, who had reached the
sky above the temple, pointed her fingertips towards Amor and its
surroundings with a smile more demonic than a demon.

<br />
"——Stop!"

<br />
My voice resounded in the sky, and Karla's voice spilled into the night
as if matching it.

<br />
"——【Freeze】——"

<br />
A giant wave of cold air was released, dyeing the completely monstrous
Amor white.

<br />
The aftereffects froze even the nearby residents, who collapsed and
shattered.

"Karla... is this what you wanted to do?"

<br />
As I glared in the midst of a hellish scene, Karla wiped the blood from
her half-frozen mouth and turned to face me.

<br />
"Yes. My business is done. However, it seems like even that was used by
'that one'."

"..."

<br />
Karla's wish is to defeat Amor in the royal capital?

<br />
Saint Alicia used that as material for incitement?

<br />
What are the two of them thinking?

<br />
The Saint's wish is to instill fear in the people and crush Elena's
plan...

<br />
Even if it was an emotion implanted by a demon, the people will further
worship the Saint, and for that, she even discarded Amor, who was once
her comrade.

<br />
But Karla... what is your real "wish"...?

<br />
Karla disappeared somewhere with space-time teleportation, and as I
looked at the Saint, who was praying with the people with hair and robe
half-frozen, I could not help but feel that the victors were them.




---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0014.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0016.md)

