[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0017.md)



# 244 Girl's Resolve

A few hours before Aria and Karla clashed in the royal capital, a girl
appeared at the princess's palace late at night, accompanied by
attendants.

"Clara... what's wrong at this hour?"

"I apologize, Elena-sama. There's something I absolutely must tell you."

<br />
Elena and Sera, who were gathering information and naturally awake,
welcomed them. Clara's face was paler than the night itself, and she
looked so unwell that she needed her maid's assistance even to walk.

"...Is it necessary now?"

"Yes. Besides... it's still difficult to face her when that child is
here."

Clara had noticed Aria's appearance here a few hours earlier. She had
previously feared Aria to an abnormal degree, and it had been found that
Clara's maids also had some kind of past grudge against Aria.

Clara probably knew about Aria through her Gift, but her poor health and
what she wanted to talk about were also likely obtained through her
Gift.

Clara's maids also seemed more concerned about Clara's well-being than
their own personal grudges against Aria.

When Elena glanced at Sera, who was standing by her side, Sera quietly
nodded.

"Have the escort knights dismissed. I'll listen to Clara's story."

"Thank you very much."

<br />
Elena seated Clara at the table and sat down across from her, looking
directly into her eyes and speaking as "Princess."

"That face... have you decided what to do?"

"Yes. I understand my own desire. Even if I cannot become queen, I will
not give up on him."

"..."

Elena, having seen something in Clara's eyes as she looked back at her,
let out a small breath and smiled slightly at Clara.

"Then, tell me your story... Clara."

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"Aria! I'm glad you're safe."

As the morning sun began to illuminate the royal castle, Elena ran up to
me after noticing me descend onto the princess's palace terrace using
\[Reality Breaker\].

I thought Elena would be awake, but she was indeed watching the battle
from here.

I was concerned about Dandorle, who remained with Melrose and Feld, but I
thought I should report to Elena first.

"Sorry, Elena. Things have become troublesome."

"Yes... that fake saint has done it now."

<br />
The revolt of Prince Amol, an important figure in the Saint faction. The
damage itself was limited by the fact that the targets were narrowed
down to the two Border Count families, but those who realized it would
realize that this was a failure of the royal family.

However, even if the noble faction made a fuss about it, as long as
Dandorle and Melrose, the victims, continued to support the royal family,
it would not become a major problem. On the contrary, it should have
become an attack material for the Saint faction that they supported.

The problem was that girl called the Saint, as Elena said.

<br />
"Your Highness, Aria, please come inside. Sera-san is currently
confirming the other situations."

Chloe, Elena's close aide, guard maid, and someone I know, invited us
who were chatting on the terrace into the room.

The reason why I directly rushed into the princess's palace without
following formal procedures is because I am still officially in a state
of unknown life or death. It would certainly be troublesome if I were
seen by someone in such a place.

"Chloe, if Sera went to check, does that mean there has been progress on
Melrose and Dandorle's side?"

"It seems there was a remote communication from the prime minister. The
content is still unknown, but if the prime minister contacted us
directly, the worst-case scenario must have been avoided."

I was relieved to know that Melrose was safe. Next is Dandorle...

<br />
\*snap\*...

At that moment, sparks suddenly flew, and a video signal was sent from
Nero.

Feld and Karla's battle. The rainbow sword seemed to have arrived in
time, and if they arrived safely, they should be able to hold out until
reinforcements arrive.

"...Was that the 'Coeurl' that Aria was talking about?"

Elena seemed to have seen the video signal as well, and she looked
around searching for the invisible Nero.

"Are you saying Nero is here as well, even from afar?"

<br />
--Yes--

<br />
Nero emitted a signal to us as if answering.

Nero and Elena have only met once. There was no time to talk in the
midst of the emergency, but I have told them about each other as trusted
companions, so Nero doesn't seem to have any aversion to humans just
because they are human.

"Where is he...? Kya!?"

Suddenly, a "black cat" appeared out of nowhere. The black cat, not very
large and looking like it had just become a full-grown cat, jumped onto
a nearby table and turned its red eyes towards me.

"...Nero?"

The black cat narrowed its eyes as if to affirm my murmur. When I gently
touched its back, I felt smooth fur. There is a presence... but that
presence was also felt from my "shadow."

"This is a high-level illusion created by Nero."

<br />
Nero is inside my "shadow." I saw it in the video signal, but Nero was
using magic like \[Shadow Walker\], hiding in the shadows by learning
dark magic in battle. I think this "black cat" is also a type of
\[Illusion\], but Nero's dark magic, being a phantom beast, seems to be
able to use much more precise illusions than humans.

<br />
"Is this an illusion? Ah..."

Elena, like me, tried to touch the black cat (Nero), but Nero avoided it
and climbed onto my shoulder. Nero doesn't seem to trust her enough to
let her touch him yet.

Elena looked at it with regret while Chloe prepared a table for us, and
she recommended me to sit across from her.

"Well then, where shall we start..."

<br />
The Saint faction is originally the Crown Prince faction, a faction of
noble families that advocates Elvan succeeding to the throne as Crown
Prince. The reason why it came to be called the "Saint faction" is
because the noble families who supported Elena as queen increased
because Elvan did not grow as Crown Prince. The noble faction, worried
about this, tried to capture public opinion by making the Saint the
queen.

For the noble faction, Elvan's immaturity was not a disadvantage but
rather suited their purpose of weakening the royal family and gaining
diplomatic benefits.

In the short term, it is a good thing because they can obtain cheap
goods from neighboring countries, reduce the number of starving people,
and allocate the surplus to other areas. However, in the long term, it
means entrusting the lifeline of the people to other countries, and
funds will flow to other countries, reducing national power.

Balance was important, not which was right. That is why the royal family
has alternately married queens from domestic and neighboring countries.

However, in the current situation, His Majesty the King and the Prime
Minister have judged that they must focus on domestic demand. And the
noble families with brains who understand that Elvan's becoming king
will cause national power to decline more than expected are supporting
Elena.

The one who broke that balance was His Majesty, the current emperor, but
at the time when he made the viscount's daughter his queen, His Majesty,
who was the crown prince, was in a state of mental unrest like Elvan
now, and I hear that it was necessary for him to become a king.

We cannot tolerate the fact that all the repercussions of that are
coming to this generation, but otherwise Elena would not have tried to
become queen.

<br />
Elena began to move in order to become queen, and His Majesty the King,
seeing Elvan as he is now, tacitly approved of it.

Dandorle, who was moving to make Clara the queen, seems to have
acknowledged that if the Saint is to become the queen, then Elena, who
is of the same Dandorle blood, should become the queen, and Elena was
able to have the two Border Count families as her backing.

As far as Elena and Mikhail have investigated, there are suspicious
points about the Saint, and they were planning to guide public opinion
by publicizing them, preventing the Saint from becoming the queen, and
ousting Elvan from the throne of the Crown Prince.

Amol's revolt this time is a blemish from the perspective of the Crown
Prince faction and the Saint faction, but if it had succeeded, they
should have crushed the two Border Count families and the noble faction
would have seized power...

<br />
"Clara told me about that speculation."

"That person?"

"Yes... both she and Clara really treat their own lives lightly..."

Elena said with a grimace, and told me about Clara's speculation.

Clara's Gift -- "Foresight" calculates the future and attracts the most
likely future. It is said that what she can see is not only the "future"
but also the truth of what has happened in the current situation with a
high probability.

However, the calculation of foresight seems to put a strain on the
brain, and she seems to be currently laid up due to the calculations
this time.

According to Clara's foresight, it was not Amol who planned this plan,
but the Saint, and the purpose of having Amol revolt, which would be a
stain on his faction, was not to eliminate Melrose and Dandorle.

"Her purpose is to instill 'fear'."

<br />
If they target the two Border Count families, the neutral faction, which
was currently leaning towards Elena, will become reluctant, thinking
that they might be targeted as well.

Even if Elena and Melrose persuade them again, some may remain, but that
is not certain. The fear of having one's family targeted directly, not
through political pressure, cannot be easily erased.

Even so, Amol's revolt should have been a major stain on the Saint
faction. Even if the neutral faction defected, there should have been
more people who felt more repulsion (â€¦).

<br />
"Clara says that she even took into account that you and Karla would
intervene. Amol was a pawn from the beginning, and she was convinced
that he would lose to you and escape back to the royal capital."

It didn't matter to the Saint whether she succeeded or failed.
Nevertheless, in order to instill fear, she divided Amol into two and
prioritized Dandorle and Melrose being attacked simultaneously over
victory.

She even predicted that the divided Amol would become one again in the
royal capital? The reason for that is also to instill fear in the people
of the royal capital and raise her reputation by healing them as a
"Saint."

<br />
"How did that viscount's daughter, who has not received a proper
education, come up with such a plan...? Clara's foresight said that a
demon was lending her a hand, but I don't think even a demon understands
humans that well."

Clara foresaw that a demon was involved in Amol's strange abilities and
the unnatural behavior of the people at that time.

"The Nightmare Devil..."

Using the power of nightmares, people praised the Saint's actions, and
with that action, Amol was completely cut off as a person who betrayed
the Saint, not a member of the Saint faction.

In this situation, unless overwhelming evidence is presented, the Saint
cannot be stopped from becoming the queen. Clara's foresight showed that
Elena's side would be slightly disadvantaged.

<br />
One or twoâ€¦ A slight decisive factor is missing. With that slight
difference, the Saint, who has made public opinion her ally, will become
queen, and Elvan will become king.

One moreâ€¦

I gently touched the area of my chest where I had the amulet bag that I
had entrusted to that person, and quietly decided on it.

"Elena. Use me."




---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0017.md)

