[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0009.md)



# 236 Distorted Holy War 3

"......You've shown yourself, Karla! The undead vermin nesting in our
nation!!"

"Fufu... How heroic, Your Royal Highness. But I wonder which one of us
is the 'insect'?"

<br />
Amor, unfazed by Karla's flames, threw off his burning cloak and laughed
loudly at Karla's contemptuous words.

"Fuhaha! A madwoman like you wouldn't understand! I have obtained a
great power!"

<br />
Amor's body had transformed, his right half becoming a writhing mass of
insects, as if cut from the center. However, those who knew him before
would have noticed that his spirit was also vastly different from the
Amor of the past.

Previously, he lacked confidence, feeling confined to the royal family,
and constantly tried to be of service to others in an attempt to protect
his own heart. In that sense, Amor, who was always trying to read
people's faces, had been affirmed in everything by a certain girl,
indulged in carnal desires that drowned his reason in mud, and obtained
a Gift that shattered his fragile human "shell," transforming his
personality to the point of arrogance.

Environment... a guide... can change a person this much. In a possible
future, he could have been guided by a true saintess and become the
Archduke who supported the next king...

<br />
"That's right! I am not the me of before! I have become stronger! Strong
enough to defeat you!"

\*Thump!\*

Amor, leaping out as if shattering the scorched earth, enlarged his
"insect" right arm and punched Karla.

In terms of physical ability alone, he surpasses a Rank 5 warrior. He
also possesses the skills of a former Rank 3 warrior, and his strike
accurately hits the floating Karla, but Karla is no mere human.

\*Goon!\*

A sound like heavy iron clashing echoed, causing several knights to
flinch involuntarily.

Neither magic nor sorcery. With mana control honed at the cost of her
life, Karla momentarily "mana-weaponized" the sole of her shoe to block
Amor's fist, and ascended further into the sky—

"—Lightning—"

Lightning released from Karla's fingertips from the heights of the
heavens struck Amor.

<br />
"Ugoooooooooooooooooooo!!"

However, Amor did not die even after being pierced through the center of
his body. He let out a bestial roar, and charred insects fell away, with
new insects regenerating Amor's body as if filling the wounds.

"Kieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!"

Amor, with bloodshot eyes, screamed strangely, and this time his right
arm, stretched out like a whip, attacked Karla like a snake.

"—Storm—"

In response, Karla used a Level 4 wind spell to shatter the insect
snake.

<br />
"Hahaha! Don't underestimate me, Karla!"

However, the tiny, thread-like insects shattered by the storm swam
through the wind towards Karla.

Karla couldn't know what would happen if those insects entered her body.
But Karla, with a faint smile, waved her hand towards the "storm" she
had created.

"—Acid Cloud—"

<br />
The "acid" diffused by the wind burned all the tiny, thread-like insects
to death, dyeing the storm a dark black.

But is Karla alright in the midst of it all? That can't be true.

"Aha♪"

From the vortex of acid, wearing a burnt dress and with skin eroded by
acid, Karla laughed as if she were a girl dancing in a flower garden.

<br />
\[Karla Leicester\] \[Race: Human Female\] \[Rank 5\]

\[Mana: 472/630\] \[HP: 7/48\]

\[Total Combat Power: 1827 (Magical Attack Power: 2740)\]

<br />
It's abnormal. It's not normal. Unless it's instant death, it's not
"death."

For Karla, even that pain was proof of "life," and "killing" and "being
killed" were her reasons for living.

<br />
"—Fireball—"

<br />
Four fireballs, each large enough to be embraced, were created around
Karla, and all of them rained down on Amor, who was still in the air.
But—

"—!?"

There were still Dandorle's knights who were acting as rear guard around
him.

Even one of those fireballs has the power to incinerate a squad of
knights. If all four exploded, even Dandorle's Chief Knight Commander
could be caught in the blast.

However, there were those who intervened.

<br />
"Gaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"

<br />
The roar of a "beast" shook the atmosphere, and a vast "darkness" tore
through the starry sky.

<br />
"Uooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!"

<br />
A man leaped from the back of the jet-black beast, and swung a jet-black
greatsword over his head.

<br />
"—Hell Slash—!"

<br />
The released Great Sword Skill Level 5 martial technique raged wildly.
The strike detonated the fireballs, engulfing Amor and pushing back the
power towards the other side, and the flames approaching Dandorle's side
were prevented by the impact of the giant body stirred up by the black
beast.

"—Oooooooooooo!!"

A voice of admiration rose from the knights on Dandorle's side at that
unbelievable sight.

"Lord Feld!"

"Are you safe, Lord Dandorle!"

Feld, recognizing them as people he had met before, returned a manly
smile to Dandorle's Chief Knight Commander and the knights who called out
to him, and immediately glared at Karla in the sky.

<br />
"...What do you think you're doing?"

Feld questioned Karla, who had used magic in a way that involved
Dandorle. Karla, while regenerating her burnt white skin, smiled sweetly.

"What I promised Aria was to head to Dandorle and kill the enemy. I'd be
troubled if you expected anything else."

"What did you say..."

"More importantly... not yet."

"Gwaoh!"

At that moment, Nero roared as if wary of something, and Feld and
Dandorle's knights turned around... In the flames, it writhed.

<br />
"—Ugoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo—"

Even after being hit by Karla's fireballs and receiving Feld's martial
technique, Amor still couldn't (........) die. He regenerated without
being destroyed, and was about to stand up again.

"...Is he a monster?"

Dandorle's Chief Knight Commander's voice echoed faintly. Even behind
Amor, the knights of the Second Knight Order, who had been caught up in
the blast, stood up, and Amor, who had begun to regenerate rapidly,
glared at Karla and Feld with wide eyes, and shouted at his subordinate
knights with a voice filled with hatred.

"You lot! Attack!!"

<br />
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..."

In response to his voice, the knights who had been in the flames began
to move like ghosts, but collapsed back into the flames before they
could even take a few steps. However, the knights of the Second Knight
Order, who had escaped the baptism of fire, were horrified by the deaths
of their comrades, but desperately readied their weapons with grim
expressions. Feld couldn't help but call out to them.

"Are you still going to listen to that man's orders! Look at Amor's
appearance!"

No matter how you look at it, he's not a "human." Even though Amor had
regenerated, his half was still charred, and his right half was writhing
ugly without even taking human form, as if it hated the flames. However,
the knights of the Second Knight Order were not fazed even after seeing
Amor like that, and gave Feld, who was trying to reason with them,
suspicious looks.

"His Highness has surpassed humanity while remaining a 'human'!"

"What do you adventurers know about what the 'Hero' Lord Amor is doing!"

<br />
Their words were as if they couldn't see "reality."

In fact, they may still see Amor as the Amor of the past.

Is such a thing possible? Is it possible for Amor's Gift to change even
people's perceptions? In the first place, it seemed that replacing half
of one's body with "insects" was beyond the scope of a Gift.

Such a thing is not something that humans or elves would do.

Looking down at their appearance from the sky, Karla muttered in a clear
voice.

<br />
"You... made a contract with a 'demon,' didn't you?"

<br />
Feld, hearing those words, looked up at Karla. Karla ignored Feld's gaze
and began to accumulate a vast amount of mana in her hand.

"Wait, Karla!"

If Karla unleashed her magic at full power, it would inflict great
damage on Amor, not to mention the undead members of the Second Knight
Order. But this time, even Feld might not be able to deflect the magic.

"—Dragon Breath—"

Before he could stop her, Karla released a fire spell with her great
mana. However, the line of fire did not target the Second Knight Order,
but engulfed Amor, who was continuing to regenerate, and created a wall
of flames as if drawing a line horizontally.

The rising flames separated Amor and the others from Dandorle. However,
that only slightly stopped their advance, and the Second Knight Order
dispersed to avoid Karla's magic and tried to flank them.

But Karla sneered at Amor and the others, and turned her chilling eyes
towards Dandorle's Chief Knight Commander.

"You're going to retreat, aren't you? You can withdraw now, can't you? I
want to change my dress too, so it's perfect."

"..."

<br />
I don't think Karla would hesitate to involve anyone. Feld glared at her
to find out her true intentions, but before he could get an answer,
Dandorle's Chief Knight Commander, who had regained his senses, shouted
at his subordinate knights.

<br />
"Everyone, run to the Dandorle manor! You can discard unnecessary
luggage! Prioritize bringing all the injured back!"

"...Hah!"

The knights of the First Knight Order, who had been equally stunned by
his voice, also began to move, and Feld and Nero followed them, still
dubious of Karla.

<br />
"—Fufu."

Karla turned her purple eyes towards Amor, who was blocked by the
flames, and finally, while following Feld and the others, wore a smile
on her lips that was more devilish than any demon.



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0009.md)

