[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0005.md)



# 232 Reinforcements Part 2

"Feld!"

The adventurer who appeared was Feld, a comrade of the Rainbow Sword.

"Why are you here..."

"No time for that now! We'll take these guys down first!"

As Feld shouted that and stepped forward, the surviving supply soldiers,
who saw him as a threat at a glance, charged towards him.

"Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

In response, Feld neither retreated nor dodged, but roared and swung the
jet-black greatsword in his hand horizontally.

A flash—.

『――――ッ！』

With just that, three soldiers were sliced in half along with their
weapons and steel armor and sent flying. Even so—.

『Ooooh...』

"...What is this?"

It wasn't over yet. The soldiers Feld had bisected were still moving and
struggling to swing their weapons, even though they had lost their sense
of self.

"Feld, those guys are 'undead'!"

"What!?"

Feld, understanding with my one word, slightly grimaced as if mourning
the dead, and as he readied his greatsword to deliver the final blow,
the captain, who had received my knife between his eyebrows, stood up
and leaped at Feld with his bare hands.

"I won't let you! We are justice for this country—"

"...Just stop already."

Feld muttered and thrust his greatsword into the captain's heart. But
even as the captain still reached out, I stabbed a black blade into the
back of his neck.

"You should just die already."

I cut him down, digging the blade into the joint of his neck, ending his
false life.

Nero also neutralized the remaining undead, annihilating the Second
Knight Order's supply unit, and it was then that Feld finally
approached.

<br />
Still wary of his surroundings, the black blade of the greatsword he
carried on his shoulder emitted a dull glow. ...Is that Feld's new
sword?

"Is that the attribute dragon's sword? As expected of Garbas... It's
beautiful."

"Yeah, isn't it? Garbas seemed to be really motivated and it took him a
while, but it's an excellent piece of work."

When I brought up the topic of his new weapon, Feld's face, which had
been slightly clouded, broke into a smile like a child who had received
a new toy. For better or worse, Feld is a good person, so he's probably
not very good at dealing with enemies who desecrate both life and death
like the undead.

<br />
Feld's weapon before was also a mana steel greatsword made by Garbas.
When I first met him at the age of seven, he was apparently just about
to receive it from Garbas.

That weapon was also quite good, but that sword was also broken in a
battle with a darkness attribute dragon, so to strengthen the Rainbow
Sword's combat capabilities, Feld's sword was newly made using the
attribute dragon's large horn as a material.

The minotaur murder's horns, which were also used to strengthen my
weapons, and the attribute dragon's claws and horns, etc., high-ranking
species' materials contain adamantite.

The minotaur murder's horns had a low adamantite content, making it
difficult to make them into weapons as they were, but Garbas patiently
reshaped the attribute dragon's black horn, and it was reborn as a
single-edged greatsword with a blade length close to my height.

The shape is perhaps similar to the "katana" in that woman's
"knowledge"? It's not as thin as that, but the annual ring-like grain of
adamantite is very beautiful on the sword.

<br />
"It takes some getting used to because of its hardness and tenacity, but
with this sharpness, it can cut through even rank 6 or higher monsters.
I can't always let you do all the hard work."

"Feld..."

Currently, I possess combat abilities that rank among the highest of the
human races not only in this country but also on this continent. Feld
can handle monsters up to rank 5, but beyond that, I would have to step
forward more often.

Feld didn't want that, and as a warrior and as a comrade, he was trying
to stand next to me.

"I heard that you were getting caught up in trouble again. I didn't
expect to meet you along the way, but you seem to have some luck."

Feld paused there and looked straight into my eyes.

"I also heard that you went to the trouble of resigning from being the
princess's bodyguard and faking your death in order to eliminate
enemies. ...What happened?"

"It'll be a bit long, but..."

<br />
I explained to him what had happened so far.

Feld seemed to have heard some of it, but upon hearing about the
existence of greater demons exceeding rank 6, and the story of the
rebellion by Prince Amor and the undead, Feld regretted that the
creation of the sword had taken so long and that he had been unable to
return for so long, and he stroked his increasingly thick unshaven beard
as he pondered something.

<br />
"...Going that far exceeds the scope of a mere adventurer or bodyguard.
Especially what His Highness the Prince is doing is a clear rebellion.
That person also has various issues related to the royal family, but I
didn't think he was that foolish..."

"Do you know that person?"

"Yeah. I had some acquaintance with him when I was attending the magic
academy. Well, I quickly dropped out of the academy and became an
adventurer, though."

"I see..."

Come to think of it, Feld was from a noble family. If it hadn't been for
the inheritance issues with his outstanding abilities, he might still be
a noble.

<br />
According to Feld, Amor, who had no choice but to become "Prince" as a
member of the royal family while still a student, was apparently under
considerable mental pressure.

He had neither the ability nor the power of a prince, and was merely a
spare to increase the number of the royal family. He was constantly
compared to the second prince, who was supposed to be the original
prince but died young because he was so excellent, and because of that,
he seemed to be always trying to be useful to "someone" and spinning his
wheels.

So, that's why he was caught by that woman... And the reason he changed
was probably that saintess.

<br />
"If your prediction is correct, and the prince and his supporters are
going to attack Dandorl and Melrose, it would be difficult to move the
First Knight Order even if we informed them now. A little over two
hundred undead... If we were to face them head-on, we would need about
five times that number of soldiers."

"Yeah."

Even if most of the knights are rank 2, I estimate that it would take at
least two rank 3 knights to neutralize one undead. If they are the same
rank, it would take three to be on par. To reliably annihilate them, we
would need five times as many as Feld said.

"Even if we split them in half, that's a hundred. The Dandorl family,
with the grand commander of the knights, also has a knight training
facility, so there should be about a hundred knights stationed there. I
think there are also fifty knights from the Dandorl family, so even if
annihilation is impossible, they should be able to hold the castle if
they prepare. The rest depends on reinforcements, but... the problem is
the Melrose family."

"............"

<br />
The Melrose family, located on the southern outer periphery of the royal
capital, is the furthest from here. If we were to inform them from the
royal castle, the distance would be the same, but informing them from
here would create a difference of more than a full day in information
compared to the Dandorl family. Even if Amor was planning a simultaneous
attack, it would be a close call to inform Dandorl with my and Nero's
legs.

Even if I were to inform Elena alone, there is a risk that if the First
Knight Order moves, the sympathizers in the Holy Church would inform
them and the attack would be advanced.

And even if Elena believed me, the knight order could not be moved
without clear evidence of rebellion.

<br />
I have personal conviction, but it is only my speculation. The attack
may be later than that, or the attack itself may be somewhere else.
Melrose may also be able to hold out like Dandorl. But I myself thought
that attacking those two families would be the most efficient.

When my speculation and our opinions were all on the table, Feld opened
his mouth without hesitation.

<br />
"Aria, what do you intend to do?"

"I... I think I'll go to Melrose."

The Melrose family should also have knights, but there are few proper
knights. There should also be dark knights, but not many of the dark
knights are suited for frontal combat.

"I want Feld and Nero to go to Dandorl. If I'm alone, I can use 【Reality
Breaker】..."

"No. That's not it."

Feld rarely interrupted me, glaring at me and peering into my eyes.

"I said earlier that this exceeds the scope of a mere adventurer. It's
not a problem for you to shoulder alone. Why do you fight so much?"

"............"

<br />
I don't have to do it alone... I thought that when I was stopping the
orc horde. But at that time, I realized that I couldn't live such a
skillful life.

The Melrose family is the nobility that I shunned, that dragged me into
fate. Mikhail is a good person, but I don't have enough attachment to
think of that prime minister as my grandfather.

But... even so, they are my mother's family. That prime minister is my
mother's father. There are people there that my mother cherished. There
might also be that friend of my father's who was a knight trainee.

That's why I want to protect them...

It may be different from escaping fate, which is what I initially
thought. But my essence hasn't changed at all.

<br />
"I will live according to my 'heart'."

Even if I die halfway through my ambition—.

<br />
"...I see."

Feld's expression softened at my answer, and he suddenly placed his hand
on my head.

"I did this when we first met. I thought you were a 'boy' back then, but
you've grown quite a bit."

"...Did you remember?"

I thought he had forgotten about it because he was so indifferent.

"...No, I remembered meeting a boy, but I didn't even think it was you
until I heard about it from Viro."

"I thought so."

When I said that, Feld messed up my hair while laughing.

"If you have a conviction, I won't say anything else. When I met you as
a girl (Aria), I thought about whether I should protect you as a woman.
But you became stronger than any of us with that conviction."

"I still haven't caught up with everyone's experience, but..."

"Even so, I guarantee that you are strong. You are the 'strongest'. Show
that power to those who stand in the way of your fate."

"Yeah."

As I was being petted on the head, I nodded unconsciously like a child,
and Feld's expression softened even more.

"Still, come back if you get tired. We are comrades, but we are family.
You are a warrior, but you are also a girl, so it's okay to rely on us,
okay?"

"............"

When I made a blank face at Feld's words, Feld scratched his head, as if
he thought he had said something wrong, and said, "I can't say things as
well as Viro..."

<br />
Really... he hasn't changed from the old days. That's why he looks like
a "dad" to me, not a man.

<br />
"Alright! Then I'll head to the Dandorl family now. If there's a
long-distance communication magic tool at the adventurer's guild along
the way, I might be able to summon the Rainbow Sword too. And that
phantom beast over there... Nero, was it?"

The discussion was settled, and Feld started talking energetically, but
he stopped his gaze on Nero and made a slightly strained face.

"Gaa..."

Nero had been listening intently to the conversation between me and
Feld, but realizing that he couldn't go with me, he exuded an
unpleasantness from his whole body that made Feld flinch.

Even so, when Feld stroked the beard that had been wrapped around my arm
when he stroked my head, Nero raised his head and exhaled from his nose
as if looking down on Feld.

"He said he'll go with you."

"O-Okay..."

I was surprised that Nero, who only trusts me and my master, had allowed
Feld to fight alongside him, but I also felt a little uncomfortable with
how easily he had agreed.

"Nero?"

"Gaaaa."

Nero is wary of "something"? Not Feld. There's something somewhere I
can't sense...

The next moment, Nero sent an electric shock from his beard, and at the
same time, my knife, which I had drawn while flipping my skirt, flew
into the darkness of the forest.

\*Crack!!\*

<br />
"—Is the conversation over?"

A woman's voice was heard from the forest, and a moment later, Feld, who
was wielding his sword as if to protect me, I waved my hand to tell him
I was alright and stepped forward.

"Is that you... Karla?"

"Long time no see, Aria. I'm glad you're not dead."

<br />
Karla, who gave such a worthless greeting, threw back the blood-soaked
knife she had caught with her bare hands, and with a light wave of her
hand, the wound healed and disappeared in an instant.

Karla looks even paler than before, and even though her stamina was
being drained by just the current exchange, it's a mystery why she
doesn't die.

Meeting Feld was a coincidence, but how did Karla know where I was...
Well, there's no point in worrying about what this girl does one by one.

<br />
"Karla... You're supposed to be in the royal palace dealing with demons,
right?"

To be honest, I was able to go outside because Karla was in the castle.
If Karla wasn't there, I wouldn't have been able to move this far to
eliminate the enemy. I may not trust her personality, but I trust her
strength more than anyone else.

When I glared at her with those feelings, Karla chuckled.

"Because I'm bored. Don't you think it's ridiculous that you left the
princess's side, and the demons are also wary and can't move?"

"............"

<br />
Karla was in the castle, so I was able to move, and because of that, the
demons couldn't move to protect the summoner, and that's why Karla
moved...

I felt once again that someone who can move anywhere is troublesome. My
【Reality Breaker】 is pretty bad too, but I can only fly to places I
can see. In the case of long distances, I need to use it continuously.

It was possible that the demons would start moving again because of
Karla's movement, but if the demons were the saintess's side's forces as
we expected, they might not be able to leave the summoner's side now
that the prince is moving.

In any case, it's useless to say anything to Karla. On the contrary, it
might be better to move conspicuously and call them out.

<br />
"So? Were you looking for me?"

"That's right. There's a child playing in my garden, so I was thinking
of punishing them, but Aria, you're going to move anyway, right? In this
situation, you were going to separate from your cute kitty and fight a
hundred dead men alone, weren't you?"

"What if I was?"

I'm going to Melrose alone. If you're going to interfere with that, I
can settle things here. I glared with that determination, and Karla
smiled.

"That's very like Aria, but is that okay? Will your kitty and your
comrades survive?"

"............"

<br />
I could understand what Karla was trying to say. I trust Nero, Feld, and
the Rainbow Sword comrades. But they can't be unharmed against a hundred
undead.

If I go to Dandorl with everyone, the chances of winning will be higher,
but I will be abandoning Melrose.

I want to save my mother's family. I want to help my father's friends.
But I don't want any of my comrades to die because of that.

If I wasn't involved in this, the Rainbow Sword and Nero wouldn't have
had to fight. Because I decided to go to Melrose, Feld and Nero are
trying to save Dandorl.

I believe in everyone's strength. But... Karla's voice broke into my
thoughts as I was thinking.

"Aria, you go to Melrose. I'll go to Dandorl."

"...What are you planning?"

I know that Karla sometimes moves with me in mind. But it's all for
Karla's own sake.

"Oh, how terrible. I'm telling you out of kindness."

"Why don't you be kinder to other people?"

"I don't want to. I can't kill them, can I?"

<br />
I really don't know what she's thinking... Just kindness? Tell your lies
to your pillow.

But... if Karla goes to Dandorl, the survival rate of Feld and the others
will increase dramatically. Before that, I need to be wary of Karla, but
there's no reason for her to be hostile to me here.

Karla wants to fight me. Karla wouldn't want to fight for such a stupid
reason either.

In a sense, I'm going to trust her madness, but I thought that was like
us .

Besides... if I could read her principles of action, I wouldn't have to
struggle in the first place.

<br />
"Can I leave it to you?"

"To some extent. They don't want to owe me a favor alone, do they?"

<br />
In the direction Karla glanced, Feld and Nero were frowning with
confusion and a bad feeling at the same time.

But in the current situation, they were forced to understand that it was
the best option. It should be difficult for Karla to defeat a hundred
undead alone without causing other damage, but if Feld and the others
are there, it will be possible. I can put all my effort into believing
in their survival.

<br />
"Well then, I'm going ahead. If you're worried about me, you should
clean up quickly."

"............"

That's worrying in a different way...

Still, I can put all my effort into believing in their survival.

<br />
"—【Iron Rose】... 【Reality Breaker】—"

<br />
Let's go... to Melrose.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0005.md)

