[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0022.md)



# 249 Graduation Event "Judgment"

"Melrose..."

As someone in the venue uttered those words, the participants began to
understand the situation.

Everyone thought the new fiancée would be "Saint Alicia." If Clara
Dandorl, chosen by Crown Prince Elvan, had a fault, she wouldn't be
suitable as Queen, and Alicia's reputation as a Saint, recognized by the
Holy Church, was something that could be touted not only domestically
but also in foreign countries.

If there was a problem, it would be that she was a Viscount's daughter,
and her family status was insufficient for a Crown Princess. The current
Queen being a former Viscount's daughter was not a good precedent, and
the old noble families who were worried that the country's power had
declined because of that would object.

But that problem seemed to be resolved with surprise when Alicia Mercis
herself revealed that she was from the "Melrose family" -- but.

<br />
"...What are you saying!?"

Saint Licia's voice echoed through the silent venue.

At the end of her glaring gaze was a pink-haired girl wearing a black
dress. That girl called herself "Alicia Melrose" and was addressed as
such by Border Count Melrose himself.

The girl who was once recognized as an "enemy" to be eliminated had
appeared as a troublesome enemy in the most difficult situation.

"That person is the Princess's guard, right!? Why is someone like that
doing something dangerous!?"

<br />
Hearing Licia's shouting, the surrounding nobles remembered the rumor
that she had died. Why had that girl returned, calling herself Melrose?
As gazes gathered seeking that answer, Border Count Belt Melrose laughed
at Licia through his nose.

"That's because my granddaughter, "Alicia," went missing due to a
monster attack. You know that very well."

<br />
Licia also lost her parents in the monster attack that struck the town
and spent her childhood in an orphanage.

Belt's daughter and her husband were missing, and it took considerable
time to reach the possibility that their orphaned granddaughter was
alive. As a result, by the time they arrived at the orphanage where
Licia was, the real "Alicia" had disappeared.

Licia also knew from her "game knowledge" that the real Alicia was in
the orphanage, but she didn't remember her because she wasn't interested
in the same sex.

Was the "real one" who was there the girl in front of her? The reason
Licia couldn't recognize her as the "heroine" even when she saw her pink
hair was her extraordinary "strength."

"There's no way a noble lady could be that strong!"

The gentle impression from her game knowledge got in the way, and she
couldn't think of her as the heroine. Licia couldn't understand how an
orphan in the same situation as her could become so strong.

<br />
"Most of the royal guards are from noble families. The commander of the
knights and the court mage are all nobles, and there are skilled women
as well."

Belt relentlessly cornered Licia.

Originally, nobles were descendants of the "strongest" people who had
united the region by force in ancient times, and the higher the rank of
the current nobles, the more proof their ancestors had accumulated such
victories.

"...!"

But Licia didn't understand that. For Licia, who only knew about nobles
through her game knowledge, "nobles" were a symbol of "happiness"
dancing in a glamorous world.

The Claydale Kingdom, the largest country on the Sars Continent. The
position of "Crown Princess," envied by all the women who had tormented
Licia.

She had moved to get that until now. She had obtained everything for
that purpose and discarded it as a necessary sacrifice. There was no way
she could easily give up.

<br />
"...Even so, how can you say that person is the real one? I can't say
that ring is hers either."

The pink-haired girl also had a ring on her hand that looked very
similar to the one on Licia's finger. It would be troublesome if that
was really the real one and was compared to Licia's ring, but she
couldn't stop her words.

Belt responded with composure, though he showed a slight hint of anger
at the statement.

"I see, some may think so. But the ring is not the only reason I
consider this child my granddaughter. -- "Alicia"."

"Yes."

At Belt's voice, the pink-haired girl stepped forward, and the curious
gazes of the people were focused on her.

The audience let out sighs of admiration at her dignified demeanor in
the glossy black dress, and the higher-ranking nobles understood the
"meaning" of Belt's words in the girl's appearance.

<br />
"...Lady Sheryl?"

It was a woman who seemed to be of the parent generation who muttered
that.

That name was the name of a Melrose family woman who had gone missing,
and those who heard the name overlapped the figure of the pink-haired
girl in front of them with the image of the Melrose family "princesses"
they once admired.

Moon Rose... The nostalgic memory of the "pinkish gold hair," a
characteristic of the Melrose female line, was awakened.

"That's right. This girl is my granddaughter, left behind by my
daughter, Sheryl."

With those words, the nobles knew that the "Moon Rose (Melrose)" had
returned in every sense.

But --

"It doesn't matter who that person is! The one most suitable to be Crown
Princess in this place is me, the "Saint"!"

Licia stopped the scales of fate from tipping.

"You all understand, don't you! Who is really needed in this country!"

<br />
To tilt the scales of fate back in her favor, Licia used her "Charm."

The decrease in mana, the price of "Charm," changes depending on the
target's liking for Licia. Licia, who was struggling to even cast simple
spells, had the reputation of a "Saint" now, and she didn't need much
price to draw believers and neutral people in the venue to her side, let
alone Belt and the royalty on the stage.

Unlike the magical ability of "Charm," "Allurement" cannot be prevented.
The "black-haired girl" noticed that the audience's thinking was being
guided by the power of "Allurement" and that the flow had begun to tilt
towards Licia, and she gave a mocking smile, which the "pink-haired
girl" stopped with her gaze.

But --

<br />
"...Licia, stop it already."

It was Elvan, one of the people at the center of the turmoil, who
stopped the flow.

"El, Your Highness?"

Licia turned back to him with wide eyes, and Elvan looked at Licia with
pity while holding Clara's shoulder.

While truly realizing that "Allurement" was no longer effective on
Elvan, Licia used her original "words" to deceive Elvan.

"What are you saying? El, Your Highness. Who else but me, the Saint,
should be Crown Princess? That sinner you're holding? Or that
pink-haired person who suddenly appeared? The current Queen is also a
former Viscount's daughter, so there's no reason why I can't be!"

<br />
The country had been thrown into turmoil because the current King made a
Viscount's daughter the Queen, and to correct that, it was necessary to
have a Queen from an upper noble family.

The precedent was not a good one, and Licia, a Viscount's daughter who
had falsely claimed to be from the Melrose family for that reason, was
now shouting that even so, there was a "precedent," so there was no
reason why she couldn't become Queen.

Even with disrespectful words that denigrated the Queen and a disjointed
argument that repeatedly overturned the premise, Licia's "Allurement"
could turn the surroundings to her side and push it through as a
majority opinion.

Even if the final decision-making power lay with the King, the King, who
wanted a connection with the nobles to unite the troubled domestic
situation, could not ignore the majority opinion.

But it was "he" who stopped it.

<br />
"Licia, I hadn't told you about my Gift..."

Elvan had discussed things with Clara until they understood each other,
and they had decided what to do with Clara's "Foresight."

Elvan and Clara looked at each other and nodded, then stood up close to
each other and turned strong eyes to Licia.

"My ability is 'Complete Appraisal.' It's the same ability as my
deceased uncle, the Second Prince, and I can see everything about that
person. I know that Clara has special memories, that the pink-haired
woman over there is the real one, and that Licia, you... are a commoner
orphan who impersonated a noble."

"El, Your Highness... What..."

Licia was at a loss for words at Elvan's sudden statement.

"Licia... You can't be the Crown Princess. I'm going to give the throne
of the Crown Prince to Elena."

"！？”

Licia's eyes widened at Elvan's words, and Clara gripped Elvan's hand
tightly.

"That's my atonement for doing terrible things with you, Nathaniel, and
Uncle Amor. Clara is aware of it too. So..."

Elvan closed his eyes for a few seconds, then opened his tearful eyes
again, reflecting the shocked Licia.

"I want you to stop distorting people's hearts with your Gift...
'Allurement'."

"--!"

The surrounding people did not immediately understand what those words
meant, and in the moment of silence that filled the place, there was a
person who started to move as if they had been waiting for the time.

<br />
"We have investigated that you have been deceiving people using that
ability."

"...P...Princess?"

Princess Elena went up on stage with the pink-haired girl.

"Originally, a Saint refers to someone who can use divine magic, which
is different from light magic. The reason you were able to become a
Saint without that power is because you used your Allurement ability to
manipulate the hearts of people in the Holy Church, as testified by
Hiram from the Fondora Theocracy and my brother."

"What..."

Licia looked around, and Hiram, who had come from the Fondora Theocracy
to certify the Saint, was seen behind the knights.

"Yes, I swear that the Princess's statement is true."

<br />
Divine magic is a monosyllabic magic close to "Combat Arts" and has an
effect over a wide area, unlike light magic. It is said that only those
who have received the favor of spirits can use it, but a political Saint
does not have to be able to use divine magic.

But even with a political Saint, the story changes if a "demon" is
involved. There is no clear evidence that Licia was involved with a
demon, but by presenting multiple circumstantial evidence, Elena drew
Hiram to her side through political maneuvering, even if the rumors
became a scandal for the Holy Church.

<br />
"In addition, you have made false declarations that you are from the
upper noble family Melrose, and you are making statements that denigrate
the royal family, which we are confirming here now. We have already
received a report from the Mercis family, who took you in, that they are
dissolving the adoption."

Preparations had already been completed behind the scenes. The reason
Elena had left Licia's one-woman show-like attitude alone was to
increase her charges. The problem was the black-haired girl, who didn't
know when she would move, but the pink-haired girl was glaring at her.

As soon as Elena finished speaking, the Royal Knights who had taken
"Allurement countermeasures" appeared. Among them were knights from the
dark side, including Theo, preparing for unforeseen circumstances.

<br />
"--Cough.... Huh?"

In that tense atmosphere, Licia let out a voice at the bloody vomit that
wet her mouth.

Not knowing what had happened to her, Licia looked around at the
blood-covered hand she had wiped her mouth with and noticed that the
eyes of those around her were beginning to change.

Doubt, anger, pity.... Elvan's statement, which he had wanted to convey
even to the point of resigning as Crown Prince, that Licia was
distorting minds, had tilted the balance of the neutral hearts of the
nobles, and the price of the activated "Allurement" had increased,
scraping away all of Licia's mana.

All living things in this world filled with aether have mana. Even if
they can't use magic, it was an essential element for living, like the
salt content of blood.

Although it was not what Elena had intended, Licia's "Allurement" had
almost lost its effectiveness by the time she started talking.

<br />
"Why... Why!?"

Licia raised her voice as if appealing, feeling that those who had been
allies had become enemies, were being judged, and that her life was
decreasing.

"Everyone said I would be Queen! You praised me for being a Saint!
What's going on!? The story is different!"

Even though the effects of Allurement were fading, those who had
believed in the Saint until now looked away uncomfortably at Licia's
heartbreaking scream.

<br />
She was prepared to risk her life. She was willing to sell her soul even
to the demon for the greatest happiness. It didn't matter if no one
understood her. For Licia, who was born in the lowest place among
commoners, it was worth risking her life if she could have the greatest
happiness, even for a moment.

But she couldn't accept such an ending.

But that last cry was not directed at the audience or Elvan, but at the
heavens.

<br />
"--Get back!"

The real Alicia -- Aria -- felt an unusual mana around Licia and came
forward to protect Elena. A white mist-like substance gathered around
Licia, and a white-haired maid appeared.

"...Colette?"

The adventurer girl she met in the small town where the demon was. Aria
let out a voice when she saw her, and the white maid... Colette smiled
at Aria and stood next to Licia.

"You! You said there was no problem! You didn't even notice Elvan's
ability!? You and the "woman in the magic stone" are all liars!"

<br />
As Licia screamed, spitting blood, and grabbed at the white maid,
Colette smiled gently and took a small magic stone out of her chest.

"Yes, there's no problem."

"You――!"

At that moment, Colette's hand had been thrust into Licia's chest.

"...Wh, why――"

Why would the demon attack her contractor?

At the same time as Colette's hand was pulled out, Licia rolled her eyes
back, and the wound was covered and sealed with threadworm-like insects.

Seeing that, Colette took a step back and respectfully bowed to Licia,
who was standing still with her eyes rolled back.

"Welcome, my "Contractor"."

The next moment――

"――――Kyahahahahahahahahahahaha!"

Suddenly, the girl who had been Licia burst into a loud laugh, looked
around, found Aria, and gave a smile twisted with madness.

<br />
"Alicia... I found youuuuu!"


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0022.md)

