[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0010.md)



# 237 Distorted Holy War 4

"——You lot!"

"Out of the way."

<br />
It wasn't just Kirkland who was searching for Count Melrose. Several
knights were watching the highway in small squads of three, and the
moment one of those knights spotted the Melrose party's carriage on the
highway, the pink-haired girl running at the head of it beheaded him.

"——!?"

The two knights with him noticed it as well, but they were tossed about
by the girl raging like a storm and the pendulum blades flying by at
high speed, and were instantly pierced through the heart with daggers.

Even so, the undead do not die. Given time, they could probably
regenerate.

However, if beheaded, they cannot raise their voices to call for allies,
and if their hearts are destroyed, they will be unable to move for
dozens of seconds.

"Gugah——"

The next moment, the warhorse ridden by the knight following behind
tramples the fallen knight. There is no glory or pride in his death, and
the Melrose knights, thinking of their former colleague who served the
same country, are annihilated as just a monster, and close their eyes
for a moment as if in silent prayer.

<br />
『............』

The Melrose knights gaze at the "girl" running ahead with complex
feelings.

The girl who is killing the monster called "Undead" that they themselves
were overwhelmed by with just three people...

If you work in the castle, you know her as "a Rank 5 adventurer who is
Princess' confidant." The less skilled the person, the more they
underestimated her, but if you had a certain amount of ability, you
could measure her ability without even appraising her.

How did a girl who is not yet an adult obtain such power that she is
praised as a "Dragon Slayer"?

However, the knights of the Melrose family... especially those who are
old and knew the Count's youngest daughter, could not help but feel a
sense of déjà vu in her hair color and features, rather than being in
awe of her abilities.

The oldest knight among them, driven by something... approaching her on
horseback as if following the figure of the master's beloved daughter
who had disappeared, suddenly calls out to the pink-haired girl.

<br />
"...Miss Leighton, you will see the Melrose family's mansion ahead.
According to the attendants, the rebels are already approaching. Please
be careful!"

Aria responds with a nod to the knight's words, and turns her emerald
eyes, the same as their master's, forward.

"I will eliminate any obstacles. You head straight to the mansion."

"Yes, ma'am!"

<br />
She is just a baron's daughter, even if she is a close aide to the
Princess. Just an adventurer. Just a girl... but the veteran knight did
not find it strange that he naturally returned a salute to the girl who
was younger than his own daughter.

<br />
\*\*\*

<br />
"I see it!"

My "eyes" that see through the night see the mansion in the distance,
and at the same time, I hear the faint sound of clashing swords.

"I'll go ahead!"

"Good luck!"

With the words the knight gave me on my back, I accelerate further and
rush to the place where the battle has already begun.

The place is called a "mansion," but it is like a small castle, and
multiple knights are rushing to break down the castle gate. The number
is about fifty on horseback... The number is probably smaller than I
heard because the Count doesn't know where he's returning from, so
they've dispersed the troops.

Fifty is a lot... but maybe I can reduce it a bit now.

<br />
I erase my presence and close the distance with full-body enhancement,
then jump onto the back of the horseman at the very end and stab his
brain and heart with a dagger and knife.

"Gah——"

"...【Spark】"

I light up the 【Spark】 living magic at the tip of the blade, as if to
kill the internal worms, and pull the blade out as if gouging out the
inside.

<br />
"Who are you!?"

As expected, the surrounding knights notice me. I immediately throw the
pendulum into the sky and shoot down the knight who shouted at me,
knocking out his brain and his helmet.

Even if they are undead, if they are making decisions with their head,
stopping their brain will stop their movements. But before I can finish
off that knight, another knight intervenes, and multiple spears attack
me.

"——!"

I exhale, and leaping up from the horse I killed, I dodge the spearheads
as if dancing in the air.

<br />
"So you've appeared, 〝Cinders〟!"

Does he know me? There was a knight who rushed from the front line.
Estimated to be upper Rank 3... probably a company commander class.

The man shoots multiple arrows in a fluid motion. I, dancing in the air,
cannot dodge those arrows -- normally.

<br />
"What!?"

I kick into the air, and with the reaction, I change my posture,
twisting my body while dodging the arrows, and grab one arrow that I
couldn't avoid.

"I'll return it."

I throw the arrow I grabbed like a throwing knife. But an arrow thrown
in that state has no power to pierce flesh. Still, I gave a "voice" to
it, to remind myself of the remnants of being human.

At the same time that the company commander reflexively dodges it, a
slashing pendulum flies by from the side and slashes his eyes.

<br />
"Guooooooooh!?"

Even so, the undead do not stop. All of my attacks are inflicting wounds
close to fatal, but they are hardly painful.

"Don't let her 〝escape〟!"

When the company commander shouts an order, the knights who have lost
their will come forward in place of the knights who still have their
will. Knowing that they will lose their will if they die too much, the
company commander tries to crush my escape route by using those who have
died too much.

Has the wound already started to heal? The company commander glares at
me with one eye that has finished regenerating.

"It will be difficult for us to kill you, but until Lord Amor returns,
we will have you stay in this place!"

"...So \*that one's\* here too."

<br />
Dandorle or Melrose? I thought he would be in either of those places, but
Amor was here. That's just as well. I'll definitely finish him off with
my own hands. But... that's not now.

My hearing, which had been splitting off part of my consciousness,
caught that sound, and I pointed my finger at the approaching knights.

"——【Phantom Pain】——"

<br />
Dark magic that only gives pain without substance... but Amor and his
followers had also been investigating me, who was becoming an obstacle,
and the company commander grinned with a blood-soaked face.

"Such magic won't work on those without will--"

At that moment, as if to interrupt his words, the trained warhorses all
went on a rampage at once.

I knew from the beginning that "pain" wouldn't work. That's why I fired
the weakened 【Phantom Pain】 at the multiple horses they were riding.

<br />
"——Open the gates!!"

There, the Melrose cavalry and carriage approached from the darkness of
the highway, and when Mikhail, who was standing on the driver's stand,
shouted at the castle gate, the soldiers on the castle gate who saw him
hurriedly began to open the gate.

From there, the Melrose knights who had been watching for a chance
immediately jumped out and knocked the knights of the Second Order who
were around the gate off their horses.

"Hurry!"

This is the only chance to pass through the surrounded castle gate.

"——【Phantom Pain】——!"

I also fired 【Phantom Pain】 at the warhorses of the Second Order,
while jumping out of the confusion.

<br />
"Don't let her get away!!"

The company commander notches an arrow and releases it. The arrow aims
straight at Mikhail, and I, entangling the pendulum's thread and jumping
onto the roof of the carriage, cut the arrow down with a knife.

"Aria!"

"Mikhail, charge!!"

At my shout, the soldier on the driver's stand whips the horses, and the
carriage jumps into the gate, protected by the Melrose cavalry, while
still in the midst of the warhorses running wild in confusion.

"Close the gate! Hurry!!"

At Mikhail's voice, the knight who had jumped in jumps off his horse and
jumps to the gate, and the soldiers and attendants who were there
cooperate to close the gate.

At the same time, the sound of heavy objects colliding repeatedly echoes
from the other side, and the knights and soldiers who were there rush up
to the castle walls with weapons in their hands.

"Don't let them in!"

When the middle-aged knight shouts that, not only the knights and
soldiers, but even those who cannot fight carry garden stones and bricks
up to the castle walls.

It seems like it was really close. Just as I was about to follow them
and climb up the castle walls--

<br />
"Lord Belt, Mikhail!"

I heard a woman's voice from the direction of the mansion, and I saw a
graceful noblewoman accompanied by several maids running over there.

"Grandmother!"

Mikhail also called out to her, and the woman who hugged Mikhail took a
breath of relief when she caught sight of the Count, and her eyes
widened as if stiffening at the end of her gaze.

"Sheryl..."

"............"

<br />
The straight eyes staring at me...

That "name"... belonged to my deceased "mother."



---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0010.md)

