[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0001_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 52: Might happen

I won’t confess to Sara.

I’ve said that so many times, but I can’t help but think about how to
get her to notice me. It’s depressing that I’m only a friend.

It’s probably better to think that it will never happen but it’s
impossible to fully give up.

Even at this moment, my heart is getting impatient as I watch Sara and
Tomoda-san talk side by side on the bench. My love has tunnel vision.

“I’ve been thinking about it lately, but love makes you dumb, right?”

“You just noticed? I’d say your IQ drops by about 10.”

“That makes sense, I mean, this conversation is already dumb.”

“Hahaha, You can say that again.”

Yoko struck her knee in a goofy way.

Regardless of my test scores, love will definitely change a person.

You can’t logically think, your field of view narrows, your mind is
occupied, most of your energy is thinking about your favorite person.

I now understand how main characters in romantic comedies thinks about
their favorite person 24/7.

I’m only thinking about Sara, my actions revolve around her.

“But I prefer this ditzy Shiori. Ah, of course it’s not a confession, so
don’t worry.”

I’m jealous that she has the president. I haven’t heard the details of
their relationship, but it seems to be working out for them. Normies
should explode.

“I’ve been hanging out with you since our first year, but we never
actually got close? Though I can say that our relationship has deepened
since you started talking about Sara-chan. Now you talk about your love
situation on our days off.”

“Well, I never thought I would be gay.”

“I know right?! . . . Oh, looks like they are done.”

When I was told to look, Sara and Tomoda-san got up from their bench and
were walking over here.

“If Shiori was like this when we were first years, I might have fallen
in love. I would have ended up confessing to you.”

“You’re saying that, despite chasing the president by coming to Yuri
Nomiya?”

“There was a time when I was having a hard time, and I wanted to forget
the president. If it was at that time, having a Shiori, who’s face I
liked, had big boobs and a pleasant personality. I might have been
charmed by you.”

“It sounds like you just said my personality sucked during my freshman
year. . .”

Yoko replied with a hearty laugh, but what does that mean? No, I’m aware
that I had a problem with my personality.

As my mother told me just a few days ago. I kept people at a distance
and put on a facade.

“W-hat? It looks like you guys were having fun.”

Tomoda-san came back and called out to the laughing Yoko.

“Shiori’s breasts are huge, so I wanted to touch them.”

“You may not, and I’ve already told you that I’m tired of hearing it.
Also it’s not good for Sara to hear this, I’ll tell the president if you
say anything more strange.”

“Eh- – So overprotective. . .”

Overprotection is fine. You see, Yoko without hesitation will sexual
harass, if she does that now won’t Tomoda-san and Sara be taken aback?
I’m sorry Tomoda-san. I suspect that she was just a convenience friend.

“Sara, were you able to talk it out?”

“Y-Yeah. It’s alright, I said everything I wanted to convey.”

“So, you did your best.”

“Yeah!”

Looking at Tomoda-san, I get the impression that her shoulders are a
little more relaxed than when we first met. She must have been very
nervous. When our eyes met, she fondly smiled at me.

“Hey, I’d like to talk to Shiori-san this time, would that be okay?”

“Eh, me?”

I spat out after getting an unexpected invitation. She nodded her head
and said “Yes, Shiori-san.”

It seems that Sara was also confused. She had opened her mouth in the
shape of an “Eh?”.

“Okay, let’s head to the bench over there.”

“Yeah. Ah, Sara-chan, don’t worry, I won’t say anything extra.”

“I also won’t say anything that will trouble you. Oh, and don’t get too
close to Yoko. And if she says something strange, run to us
immediately.”

“Shiori, Don’t treat me like I’m a menace!?”

You get what you sow. It’s something she does on a daily basis. Ignoring
the disgruntled Yoko, with a bitter smile I waved Sara goodbye. I went
to the bench where Tomoda-san was waiting.

I kind of wanted to refuse Tomoda-san’s invitation, but my curiosity won
me over. What does the person who confessed to Sara want to talk to me
about? I really want to hear it.

“I’m sorry for suddenly calling you out. But I won’t see you for a
while, so I can’t miss this opportunity.”

“It’s fine, I also wanted to talk to you.”

“Oh? What did you want to talk about?”

“What did I. . . Oh. It may be wrong, but thank you for helping Sara. I
couldn’t do anything to help her at school.”

There were a lot of things I actually wanted to say, but I was very
limited. By no means can I let her know how jealous I was about her
hugging Sara so much.

“Ah- oh yeah, Shiori-san originally talked to me via Yoko. Well I didn’t
mean to get too involved, but Sara-chan was too cute. . .”

“I understand. You just wanted to lend her a hand.”

“Yeah! Was it my weakness that got me to fall in love? Or did I just
want her to smile?”

I had no choice but to completely agree with Tomoda-san as she clenched
her fist and talked about her feelings for Sara. Yeah, Sara is cute, and
her smile is especially cute. Equally I wanted her to smile all the
time.

I nodded in understanding, like comrades we enthusiastically talked and
laughed. However she then lowered her tone of voice.

“However, I confessed in a hurry and ruined it. So I was happy we could
have this opportunity to properly talk about it.“

“It’s fine- – – But you feel like you were in a hurry to confess?”

I heard that Sara was popular, but I didn’t see the scene directly. I
have a feeling that Tomoda-san in an environment where she actually
witnesses and sees how popular Sara is. It might have made her feel like
she had to make a move.

“No, I knew that Sara would be troubled if I confessed, but I didn’t
really care about that at that time. I was in a hurry because Shiori-san
exists.”

“Huh? Me!?”

I wasn’t sure I heard that right, but she clarified with a nod.

“It’s because when Sara-chan opens her mouth it’s always Shiori-san
this, Shiori-san that. Despite never meeting you, I felt like you were a
guardian spirit always around. . ! I met you for the first time today,
but I don’t feel like we just met.”

“E-Eh?”

“Even though there was the handicap of us both being girls, I felt like
there was a higher wall called Shiori-san, so I had to overcome it!
However I was too impatient, and self-destructed. Hahh, it’s all your
fault.”

No, no no, she didn’t just say she’s self-destructing now. Or rather,
Sara was talking about me that much? I never knew that.

She quickly tightened her mouth, noticing she said too much.

“After all, you also like Sara-chan.”

“. . .Yeah, I like her.”

“As I thought! I had never met you, but I got the feeling.”

She noticed even though we never met. . . How much of a presence did I
have?

Also Tomoda-san was moving strangely. She moved her upper body goofy
while saying “Aah~” and “As I thought~!” but how do I deal with this?

When I turned towards Sara and Yoko to ask for help, I saw Yoko pointing
and laughing. No, it’s pointless!

“Fuu. . .Well? Aren’t you going to confess?”

She stopped erratically moving before saying that. How can you ask me
normally as if nothing had happened!? I guess this person is Yoko’s
friend.

“I want to someday, but I don’t think right now.”

“Are you scared you’d get flustered.”

“No. . . I don’t know. Maybe that’s true. However Sara has few friends
she can let her guard down with. If I confess while she believes I’m
just a friend, I’m sure it will completely shock her. I’d hate for that
to happen.”

From that day I learned about Sara’s despair after getting confessed to
by Aoi, I swore that I would never let her feel that. Ironically, now
that I’m in Aoi’s position, that vow binds me.

“I don’t know. Sara-chan is not that frail. Well I’m sure she was
shocked when I confessed, but she recovered and talked to me today. I’m
not Yoko, but aren’t you a little too overprotective?”

“. . . .I wonder if I am.” 

“Yeah. Besides, For many years that child has been dealing with jealousy
from girls, if that’s the case, she’d grown up solid already. She is
definitely a strong girl with a solid core.”

“That might be the case. . .”

If that’s the case, she’d already not trust people. 

If so, I would have been looking down on Sara’s strength. It’s
frustrating that despite me being the closest to her, my love rival
Tomoda-san was naturally aware of this ability. 

I wonder if my feelings to protect Sara are excessive, I’ve been told
I’m overprotective by Yoko and Tomoda-san now.

“That’s why Shiori-san should confess soon, and form a failed love
alliance with me. You’ll be okay, We will feel the pain together!”

“Don’t decide my love will fail on your own! . . .I’ll confess after I
raise my winning chance a little more.”

“Wuss.”

“I’d like it if you could help me strategize.”

I can’t just attack her with my feelings, it’d be a suicide mission. At
the very least, I want to go up to the ring with one foot forward so she
could at least blush. In the current state her trust value is MAX’d, so
I can’t even discuss this plan.

Tomoda-san suggested we’d exchange contact and talk about it later, and
that was how our talk ended. When I returned to Sara and Yoko, I was
greeted by Sara giving a sour expression.

“What’s wrong Sara?”

 Guessing she said something extra I looked at the suspect Yoko, she
suddenly turned her face away as if her mischief succeeded. Oh so this
is our criminal.

“Hey, Shiori-san. Is it true that you tried to get Yoko-san to touch
your breast for my sake?”

“Hey, Yoko! What are you telling her!?”  
“So it’s true!?”

“Ah, geeze! It was just an idea! She hasn’t touched them!”

Yoko began to laugh and barked saying “I can’t lie to her.” Next to her,
Tomoda-san saw the scene, saying “What are you doing?” Yeah that’s
right! This doesn’t involve her! What are you doing Yoko!?

“In the end, the reward at the time was paid in the form of helping the
student council, but the reward for setting up this meeting hasn’t been
paid. So I think that charming fluff can be used as payment~?”

“No you can’t!”

From my point of view, I know Yoko’s usual banter, however Sara has no
immunity to it. Like an angry pomeranian she threatened Yoko.

This is the first time I’ve seen this Sara. I’m sure that Yoko has been
teasing her. Her punishment will be decided on a later date.

Apart from that Sara- – -Hugged me sideways in an attempt to protect my
chest, this caused more problems.

There is a soft object hitting my upper arm. I want her to protect her
breast over mine. For my sake.

Anyways after that, reconciliation between Sara and Tomoda-san was
successfully completed, and Tomoda-san and I became friends. Plus I
succeeded in scaring Yoko away.

It was a good time for our conversation to end, so we decided to end our
chat.

We said our goodbye to Tomoda-san and Yoko and I left with Sara. She
seemed to be miffed on her way home, but she didn’t hate Yoko. It seems
that she gave her a strong impression, but she also recognized she was a
good person. Well generally speaking.

“So, Yoko-san is dating the Yuri Nomiya’s student council’s president?
Is there a lot of same sex couples at a girls’ school?”

“Hmm, I’m not sure. I don’t know any other couples. Oh but there is one
mystery of our school that revolves around a girl couple, so maybe it’s
not too rare.”

I told her the original story of “You can’t leave a room if you don’t
kiss.” in the underground warehouse, she laughed and said, “There are
seven mysteries like that.”

“What about Shiori-san?”

“Hm?”

“Could Shiori-san fall in love with another girl?”

“!!!”

That is a difficult question.

If I answer yes, she might become wary of me, and if I say no, I would
be lying. Above all, if I answer no, I may completely erase my chance of
being in a relationship with her.

“. . . .Maybe I could.”

I’m in love with you right now.

I want to tell you someday, but it’s only after you become more aware.
So that answer is the best I could do.

“I see.”

Sara gave a small smile illuminated by the setting sun.

I wanted to ask her what she thought about it, whether she could fall in
love with another girl, but I didn’t have the confidence. Tomoda-san is
right, I am a wuss. 

Even so, I felt that I was able to declare my feelings, although it was
a detour, my heart felt clearer than usual.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*With this long content filled chapter, the summer vacation sleepover
arc is over. And we now have hope. Seems like Sara is becoming more
aware, let’s hope it continues.*

*Like if you did*

*Thank you Sleffy I hope you enjoyed the main chapter. Also Tali!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0001_Chapter.md)

