[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0005_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0007_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 58: Defeat

I woke up to an angel.

Ah, I thought my favorite character was an angel. Well, she is still an
angel anyway. As I slept on her lap pillow, the angel before seemed to
have fallen asleep. She is sleeping with her head facing down towards
me, I can see that innocent sleeping face behind her soft bulges.

I should’ve been sleeping sideways, but I woke up looking up, so she
could probably have seen my sleeping face.

It’s still a welcoming sight, if not a little embarrassing.

I thought about it before, but Sara has a beautiful sleeping face.

Her impression when she is awake is cute, but her sleeping face is more
beautiful. Her long lashes, her cute nose, and her slightly opened
mouth. All parts were so nice, it was like a work of art.

I held in bated breath as I saw the beauty of her breathing raise her
chest slowly up and down.

By the way, something similar happened with “Shiori” in the game
involving “Aoi”’s sleeping face.

Right now I’m not interested in Aoi’s sleeping face, but I understand
the feeling of wanting to see your favorite person’s resting face.
Including the desire to steal away a kiss from her pink colored lips.

“Hm. . .Fuhh. . .”

As I stared up at Sara’s sleeping face, she began to wake up. For a
moment she was still vaguely out of focus and half awake, but as soon as
she noticed me looking up from her lap, her eyes went wide and
completely awake.

Good morning.

“Ahaha, Looks like before I fell asleep. Good morning, Shiori-san.”

“Good morning, Sara. You slept so nicely. You had such a cute sleeping
face, I was thinking perhaps I’d steal some of it.”

I stretched my hand out and poked her lips as I uttered those lines from
the game. It isn’t Aoi, but I’m hoping saying the same lines might
improve my love score a little.

She was supposed to be bashful, but she simply blinked a little, and
then broke into a smile.

“Well, if they were robbed, you’d have to take responsibility.”

She then gently placed her thumb on my lower lip.

H-Hey. . .What, that’s a little erotic! I’m shuddering!

Unlike me who just lightly pressed my index finger onto her lips, she
put another finger on my cheek, it was caressing my lips with exquisite
force! ! What is this advance technique? Where have I seen this before?
This is like the Yuri books I read!

“. . . .I lost.”

I couldn’t stand it. I covered my face with both hands and admitted
defeat, but a relentless counter came saying “You are so weak to counter
attacks”. Geeze stop. My life bar is going into the negatives!

That satisfying lip sensation is still lingering, even now I can still
feel it.

“Sara has gotten stronger. You used to turn red so fast.”

“It’s thanks to your help. However, if you make those jokes, somebody
will misunderstand.”

“It’s okay. I only say them to you.”

“Yeah yeah. Well despite that. It’s kind of like Yoko-san.”

“Ouch. . . That hurts the most.”

That was a shock, but I can’t deny it. Yoko would have happily said what
I just did with an exaggerated gesture. Am I being influenced. . .?

“Yoko-san told me that you were being pursued by a junior. She said you
were tired, and told me to try and heal you.”

“Eh, wait. You know. . ? Yoko doesn’t know when to shut up!”

I have been thinking about it for a long time, but that’s too much
information to tell someone!

Well, I guess she intentionally chose who to tell, but you should’ve
given me a warning.

“Is that why you contacted me? Because you heard that?”

“No, that’s different. I heard about it from Yoko-san just before you
came. I was being honest about being lonely.”

“Ah, maybe she contacted you because I took a break from club
activities.”

Although I just didn’t want to go, I took a break, although I gave
priority to Sara. So perhaps she is worried.

“So, are you going to date that girl?”

“Eh. I’m not going to go out with her!”

“So, you don’t like them?”

“I don’t hate them, but I just don’t like them in a romantic way. I’d
prefer just having a helping Senpai relationship with her. She hasn’t
confessed, so I can’t refuse her right now. . .”

As she noticed I was pretty troubled, Sara gave a bitter smile and said.
”Ah- I understand.”

She understands. She must have also dealt with those kinds of people.
That’s what makes me have these hazy feelings. Not everyone is going to
suddenly confess, And there may be some people going around trying to
make things in their favor before taking their shot. . .That’s what
worries me.

“Hey, what kind of girl is she? Is she cute?”

“Hmm, Well. . .You’ve met her before. We saw her when we went to buy
your present.”

“Ahh, the short girl?”

“Yeah. . . What did you think about her?”

We are mainly talking about Aoi, but Koharu was also there.

“I felt like she loved Shiori-san, and she was bluntly showing her
jealousy to me.”

She said it so easily, but that means she is sensitive to it. Sara has
dealt with jealousy since junior high school, so she will see it.

I’ve never noticed Aoi exposing her jealousy. Was that the reason Sara
was so strange at that time?

“Shiori-san is popular with both men and women, I’m sure you’ll soon
have a lover.”

“Look who’s talking. I’m not going to date just because I’m popular. .
At Least I’d only want to go out with someone I like.”

After saying that I noticed something.

Um? Perhaps now, follow the flow and confess? I won’t go out with
anybody because I like you. No, right now it seems like a low win rate.
Above all, it will be really awkward to confess while having a lap
pillow.

I mean, she has been stroking my head for a while now, so what do I do?
I didn’t care because it felt natural, but on second thought it’s a
scary situation.

“That’s right. I hope Shiro-san doesn’t find a lover for a while, that
way I can still give you headpats.”

“Fufu, that wouldn’t be so bad. Well, when you get tired, you can take
my lap as a pillow.”

“Eh- Um, that would be pretty embarrassing.”

“. . . You are saying that while I’m like this?”

Sara laughed and messed up my hair. I also laughed while telling her to
stop petting me like a dog. 

Ah, I’m happy. As I thought, I like you. I love you. From the bottom of
my heart, even if I confess, I just want us to smile with each other
like this forever.

However, Sara-san. I’d like for you not to phrase it saying “I prefer
giving, not receiving.”. My Yuri otaku brain will look too much into it.
Lap pillow, lap pillow.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Author note: A full length lap pillow. Why aren’t these two dating?*

*Translator note:*

*I’m back, thank you for being patient as I translate my other stories.
I have one more chapter to finish up, so after that I will come back to
this story fully. Also what a tease chapter. I like the fluff, and we
now know Sara knows about Aoi. Perhaps if Aoi gets more aggressive Sara
will have to start acting.*

*Like if you did:*

*Also once again thank you Sleffy, I also hope that Yukata voodo is
real.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0005_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0007_Chapter.md)

