[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0006_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0008_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 59: A Cat you can’t Hold

The next day I went to the art club. However, right when I entered, Aoi
and my senpais suddenly became silent. Aoi didn’t run up to me like
normal, she simply gave me a normal junior greeting. The courage I
prepared yesterday wasn’t necessary.

Of course that’s fine, but this is also unsettling. I spent the morning
uneasy about this mystery, however after confirming with Yoko at lunch,
that fear thawed.

“Of course, it’s that. It’s thanks to you! Thank you!!!”

The moment I asked, Yoko was waiting and proudly asked for a thank you.

The art club lunch is basically free time. It may be difficult to take
your hands off of a drawing picture, so you can choose the time and
place. By the way, it’s such a lenient policy, you can take a break
whenever you want.

Thanks to that leniency, it’s possible for me to pull Yoko out of the
class and ask. Well, I thought the news would be bad, however.

“Thank you, Yoko. So what did you do?”

“Where to begin. Well. Yesterday, it was a good thing that you didn’t
come, because I gave a half truth!”

“What did you do. . .What did you say?”

Yoko said that I took a break yesterday because I was tired from the
onslaught from the seniors and Aoi. That was the “half truth” part.

Aoi was disappointed because I was absent, and after saying that the
seniors comforted her. When that happened Yoko had to add.

“I hated that they were trying for Aoi-chan and Shiori to get along with
each other, wasn’t that why you took your break.”

“Yesterday and the day before I was a little repulsed by Aoi-chan’s
assault.”

“At this rate, Aoi-chan will be hated rather than liked.”

“Do you want to show this unbelievably troublesome type to Shiori? It’s
counterproductive.”

That’s all right. Nothing is wrong. However, why do I feel
uncomfortable?

Despite that, I envy Yoko’s character, she could say this all out. I can
somewhat imagine it. She probably declared that all with a smiling
goofing face, but she still said that all in a voice that conveyed her
seriousness.

Even though she is so skilled, she still says with a smug face and her
nose heavily breathing “As a thanks, your chest now.” She is still a
pervert. If she was a person of character she’d simply say “It was no
problem.” Then I could give a more earnest thanks.

“Well, um thank you. Thanks to you it will be peaceful.”

“You think?”

“I wish I could hear it myself, but did Wakashima-san have lunch with
Shimamoto-san and the others yesterday?”

“No, she ate somewhere different.”

. . .Just as I thought.

The day before yesterday and today, Aoi was eating lunch separately.

To be precise, Aoi and the other first years ate together, and Koharu
decided simply to eat alone or later.

This happened everyday, so other than Aoi, the first years must have
felt something was off. They might have thought Aoi and Koharu had a
fight.

However it wasn’t just that, that concerned me. Aoi and Koharu began to
act differently, and unlike Aoi, who was still having fun, Koharu was
always alone.

Girls around this age are cruel, and it’s natural for groups to break
up. However Koharu and the other first years aren’t on bad terms. It’s
just that they are closer to Aoi than Koharu.

I don’t mean to say anything about it, and I don’t think they are bad.
Koharu left the group without permission, they simply didn’t chase after
her. They never actively tried to remove her, and if Koharu returned
she’d be accepted as if nothing had happened.

However I know the reason and it wouldn’t be a very pleasant situation.

– – – No no, I shouldn’t think about doing anything extra.

The first thing on my list is the safety of Sara and I, and then
fulfilling my love. I’m already too involved with Koharu and Aoi as it
is. Why do I have to stick my neck out?

Moreover, it’s Koharu that needed help. No way!

Yet when I looked at the back of Koharu, sitting quietly alone, as she
painted or ate alone. It reminded me of Sara’s isolation.

I never saw it in person, but I wonder if Sara spent her time at school
just like Koharu.

“. . . Yoko, I have something else to talk about.”

“I’m listening.”

Based on context clues, she seemed to guess what I was about to say. I
saw her broad grinning face, It didn’t look like she’d give me a bad
response. Despite my hesitation, I just feel hazy about leaving it
alone.

Regarding Koharu’s future, I made a proposal to Yoko.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Once I returned to the art room, I pretended not to see Aoi as she
continued having fun with a gathering of other members. As expected I
found Koharu continuing to silently paint.

She has already finished painting the cherry blossoms, and is now
painting a cat taking a nap in the sun. In the game Koharu had a cat, so
that’s probably the model. 

The cat had their head on the cushion, with their eyes closed,
comfortable and lovely. Despite it still being unfinished, looking at it
made me feel happy.

“Do you have something to say?”

She asked me with an icy tone. I was peeking from behind and it seems
that she noticed. How did she know I was behind her?

“I’m sorry for the distraction. I was watching because your painting was
so good. The cat is very cute.”

“Thank you very much.”

“Is it alright if I watch a little more?”

“. . .Do what you want.”

I said my thanks, and went back to watching Koharu paint for a while.

She doesn’t have skilled brushwork because she didn’t take painting
classes in junior high. She is still slow and sloppy.

However she is careful, and chooses her colors precisely as she puts it
on the canvas. She repeats this step several times with stops to check
her overall balance. Continuing this process, the cat on the canvas
gradually became more adorable.

“I really like your painting.”

“. . .Thank you very much.”

“We should be doing the same technique, but I wonder why yours are so
different?”

“Who knows.”

The “Who knows” came back in no time, without her even thinking about
what I said. It doesn’t really affect me, rather it’s just amusing.

Yeah. I don’t hate Koharu. She has been glaring at me since she joined
the club, and maybe she resents me, but so far I haven’t done anything
directly to Koharu. I have made contact with her several times, but she
has never ignored me. Although standoff-ish, she did properly answer me
.

Of course there is fear. Once you know how she is broken in the game,
you know it’s best to escape.

However, forgetting who this is, if possible I thought it’d be nice for
Koharu to have a smiling future.

“Hey, is that little one Wakashima-san’s cat?”

“That’s right.”

As usual she didn’t turn around, and the number of replies was minimal.
She’s like a cat that doesn’t want to be held. I hope someday she’d show
me her relaxed face, just like the cat painted on her canvas.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*I finished all my other chapters, so back to full focus on this story.
And just in time for the Maybe Koharu arc? Or at least those two.
They’ve been absent for so long there needs to be some catch up.
Anyways,*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you Sleffy for the kofi, I agree this flirting is really
muddled. Even if they got into a relationship, I don’t think much would
change with how they act.*

*Also thank you Illu for the tip, I really appreciate it.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0006_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0008_Chapter.md)

