[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0008_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0010_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 61: You Should Split Up

 “Wakashima-chan said that Shiori has a bad personality, did she do
something malicious?”

Koharu grumbled as she drank her cafe au lait, but Yoko seemed to be the
only one having a blast.

It’s fine that Yoko joined us and started eating lunch, but Koharu is
pouting, and I don’t have a proper reply, so only Yoko is actively
talking. Koharu is a hissing cat with me, but apparently she still holds
some of that for Yoko.

“Shiori is completely black hearted, and she is the farthest from
talking with her heart. Instead she thickly wraps those words.”

“That’s so cruel to say.”

“If you think so, then show more of your heart. Or rather, show me your
boobs!”

“The black thing is the contents of your head. . .”

It’s draining as Yoko wasn’t fazed by the tension. She said a lot, but I
won’t deny it. I’m not a good person at all, but I’m not that bad. I
often don’t say what I’m actually thinking and have been superficial.
I’m told I won’t often speak truthfully, but I don’t want to bow my head
obediently.

“Look who’s talking Yoko.”

“You are crazy. There aren’t many people with as good of a personality
as mine, right?”

“You don’t have a good personality.”

At the corner of my eyes, I saw Koharu quietly give a small nod. She
also agrees.

Yoko seemed to have noticed as well, so she stopped moving her
chopsticks and gave a devious yet satisfied smile.

“However, I was surprised. Wakashima-chan has such an interesting
personality. It’s unfair that only Shiori knew.”

“It’s not really. . . my true personality.”

“Is that so? But, it’s definitely more lively than the usual quiet honor
student in the art club. I prefer the venomous Wakashima-chan.”

I also agree with that. It’s not just in front of Aoi, but also during
club activities. Koharu never breaks the face of an honor student, and
you’d be laughed at if you say this tepid good girl actually is somebody
capable of spewing venom at people.

An orthodox heroine is good at first glance, but if you want to get a
real connection it is better to have some quirks to you. Like Koharu
does now.

“That good girl face is good enough for parents and teachers. But that
bad side will come out steadily!”

“I don’t want to be told that by Senpais with bad personalities. . .”

“Ahaha, that’s it! Atta girl! Keep it up!”

Koharu looked straight ahead with a serious face as Yoko laughed and
returned with snide comments. From the disappearing light in her eyes, I
could feel the voice in her head “This person is annoying” or “What do I
do?” I understand those feelings well. When I was a first year I was
frustrated by Yoko always pestering me. I wanted to give up so early. I
wanted to just smile back, as the vitality that was barely left in my
eyes disappeared. . .Stay strong.

“Or how should I say it? Shimamoto-chan also has a splendid personality.
I’m honestly impressed that you understand your situation so obediently.
By the way, what do you like about Shimamoto-chan?”

“No matter what I say. . .I really don’t know. There are too many things
to mention, but since I was a child it’s always felt as natural as now.
. .”

“Ahh, a childhood friend.”

She said in the game that she has liked her for a long time, but I
remembered it’s never talked about how long, or what made her like her.
In a dating sim the way you fell in love comes out as a template, but in
“Fragmented Rhapsody”, that episode for all the heroines doesn’t appear.
If Aoi is conscious of her, it will come out on any route. However the
reason for “Shiori” was because shen was scheming at first, for “Sara”
she never even fell in love. So I know now that it doesn’t actually
naturally come out.

I thought about asking Koharu, but I don’t think she will answer
honestly. So I’ll leave it to Yoko and quietly eat my lunch. It’s
helpful to have a friendly talkative friend. The drawback is that it can
be a little oppressive.

While sitting on the sidelines Yoko nodded at Koharu’s reply with a
smile and said.

“Well then, this is good, Wakashima-chan could use this opportunity to
get away from Shimamoto-chan.”

Instantly the air in the room froze. What just happened. How did it
happen? We were talking normally just a while ago.

Looking at Yoko she is completely smiling, but she is giving provoking
eyes towards Koharu. And speaking of Koharu from my line of sight she
was- – – Furious.

“There is no reason you should be saying that.”

It was the usual icy words but said with an angry voice.

“Sure~. But if possible, I’d keep that in the back of your mind. Right
now you aren’t only in love, but it looks like an addiction. Love
already dulls your thinking, but this level of dependency added is not
normal. Do you understand?”

“I understand what you’re saying but I’m not being dependent. . .”

“Really?”

“. . .”

“Honestly, absolutely, definitely, can you say that?”

Koharu was once again asked to confirm it, but she hesitated, her eyes
shook.

It will feel bad If you say you’re dependent. Even at the best of times,
love involves some dependency, so Yoko’s question is a little dirty.
However she can’t deny what Yoko said. Even to me, at the chapel Koharu
said “I only have Aoi-chan.” After those words she’s definitely
dependent. 

“Dependency huh, if it’s appropriately done from both sides it can work
well, but if it’s one sided on top of you are going around in circles,
well. . .You’ll just self-destruct.”

“Self Destruct?”

“Yeah, please could you listen to this piece of advice from someone who
has experienced failure. Too much dependency doesn’t lead to anything
good, neither for you nor your partner.”

I think the relationship between the president and Yoko is a little
different from dependency. I feel like it’s more like attachment. But
that’s my opinion, I only know one side of the story, there is plenty
behind the scenes. If Yoko says she was dependent that must be from her
side.

And I know well the consequences of Koharu’s dependency. It’s a bad
ending in the “Sara” route.

“You should take a step back and properly reassess your feelings. There
is plenty of insight you can gain from a distance.”

Yoko said something unusually decent, perhaps I have to rethink my
assessment of her. Her sexual harassment is terrible and careless, but
when it matters she never plays around. Aside from foolishness, I hope
that the president can reign in Yoko’s sexual harassment.

“If you take a step back, look back and like what you see, then why
don’t you do your best again? Fortunately it seems like Shimamoto-chan
doesn’t have that Shiori infatuation.”

I wonder? My gut reaction was immediately to answer “I don’t that.”, but
I’d have to grimace because it’s complicated. Hmm, a woman’s heart is
difficult.

“Generally speaking, I’m going to give up on Aoi-chan. I already told
Sugimura-senpai that, right?”

“Yeah, you did.”

“That’s why I am leaving without needing to be told by my seniors. I’m
not dependent.”

When I heard that the other day I wasn’t that agitated. No way, I never
thought that Koharu would give up on Aoi. However, looking at her bite
her lips staring at her desk you can easily tell. I’m not stupid, I
can’t easily believe that. It’s hard to give up on someone you like.
Even for me, somebody that’s only been with their crush for a short
time. It’d be especially hard if you have been with them since you were
a child. The more I think I have to give up, the stronger my feelings
feel.

“I don’t think you need to give up, but it’s Wakashima-san who decides.
Just don’t regret your decision.”

“Yeah yeah. It’s Wakashima-chan that decides, but we will always be here
for advice, and feel free to complain if you just want to complain. Of
course not just about romance.”

There is more I want to say. As a Senpai, as somebody who knows how the
game develops there are many more I want to say.

But if a love rival says it she won’t take it to heart. In the first
place the story is flowing quite differently from the game, so it’s
doubtful if my knowledge will even be useful.

“. . .Thank you very much.”

She said that with an ambiguous expression, so I wouldn’t count on it. I
want you to open your heart a little more, but unfortunately I am not
good at getting people to open up. 

What should I do? Koharu and Aoi are two who are deeply connected
depending on the route, so there is still a chance. I wouldn’t give up
if I had a chance, you might roll well.

I don’t have enough information. How do I get her onto the Koharu route?
What was the trigger in the game? I’ve played it so many times, so it’s
surprising that I don’t even know anything. 

While my impatience from being helpless continued, the first lunch with
the three of us passed by.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*The plot thickens even more. I am really enjoying the theme of the
story, it’s rare these things are even talked about, how somebody is too
dependent on another for validation. I’m happy Yoko is saying it,
finally somebody says it. As much as I like Shiori, Yoko is right. She
holds back way too much. Honesty is key! Although if people did do that,
most dramas would be over quick. *

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you once again sleffy, I wholeheartedly agree, hopefully
these two can fill that hole in Koharu’s heart.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0008_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0010_Chapter.md)

