[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0009_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0011_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 62: According to a Young Girl (1)

 I noticed I was once again sitting before a thin monitor in a dark
room.

Ahh, this dream again? It’s the third time already, I think I’m getting
used to it. I was confused the first time, but now I just want to get
some information about the game’s girls, so I’m just waiting for that.

“Next up is- – -Ah, as I thought.”

Beyond the monitor I saw the familiar Koharu figure.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Born as the youngest of three sisters, Koharu was a very ordinary girl.
She wasn’t the best at anything nor the worst, and she had no fatal
flaws. She was pretty, but it was still within normal limits.

Normally that’d be enough. What was unlucky was that Koharu was born in
a place where she wouldn’t receive praise. Her two older sisters were
excellent in both appearance and academic ability. They were prodigies
that were well-received in their neighborhood.

“Those two sisters are amazing, surely Koharu-chan is also excellent.”

“Do your best to emulate your sisters.”

“Koharu-chan doesn’t really look like her sisters.”

When she was still in kindergarten she always was compared, and given
the goal of being like her older sisters.

As a child Koharu became familiar with “be like your Onee-chan.” and
made an effort to live up to that. However, then there was an elementary
school exam failure.

Her parents didn’t even try to hide their disappointment, saying a
toddler wouldn’t notice it.

“Koharu doesn’t seem very amazing.”

It was a phrase she heard many times since attending cram school for
entrance exams.

So many of the adults were disappointed that she was an ordinary child.
Unlike her sisters that showed immediate results.

It doesn’t mean she was mistreated. As a child she was sufficiently
doted on, had no inconveniences with food, clothing, or shelter. 

Nevertheless, Koharu’s heart was wilted down and filled with an
inferiority complex as she was constantly being compared with her
sisters.

The eyes pointing at her at family gatherings. The differences in the
amount of money gifted by her grandparents during the new year. The
nonchalant words said by her parents. The different color backpack she
wore when compared to her sisters’ private school backpack.

“Both of them are beautiful and excellent, so we also have to be proud.”

“Both of them worked hard. So they should splurge on new year spending.”

“Koharu doesn’t seem to be very good at studying, unlike her sisters, so
it’d be fine for her to grow up relaxing.”

Not everyone was rude, but at the end of it they were always praising
her sisters, she was always “Compared to them . . .” She was sad that no
one expected anything from her, she had no place to apply herself.

She just wanted someone to praise her.

To stroke her head because she was a good girl.

She wanted them to have expectations.

Someone!

Anyone! Somebody! 

Please, anybody will do!

“Somebody, look at me. . .”

No one in her family noticed Koharu’s small earnest wish. Though only
one person said the words she wanted to hear.

“Koharu-chan already finished your summer homework? Amazing!”

“Koharu-chan looks good in pink. Cute!”

“Koharu-chan is always doing her best.”

From a young age, only her childhood friend would give her affirming
words. Her worn out heart healed only with Aoi. Besides Aoi is where she
felt she belonged. 

She wished this peaceful relationship could continue all the time,
unfortunately happy times don’t last long.

It was just them as small kids, but not like that at school. Aoi was
sociable and a popular person in class. She was the center of attention
in the group, rather than just being next to Koharu. Before she knew it,
Koharu became one of the many friends.

Aoi was special for Koharu, but that wasn’t the same for Aoi. She had
the privilege of being a childhood friend, but she was only one of her
close friends. The differences in interest were unbearable for her.

“Despite the fact that I only. . .have Aoi-chan.”

If she smiled at another kid her heart would buzz, if she priotized
someone over her she would feel terribly jealous.

Nonetheless if she could be with Aoi it would be good enough. She
supported her with the pride of being her childhood friend and best
friend. Eventually she began to fall in love with her, as her uneasiness
grew, but she managed to persist.

However- – –

“Eh, a cold?”

On a winter day in the sixth grade of elementary school, something
unexpected happened. Aoi was a healthy child, but it was the first time
she’d be absent from school.

“Uwaaa, I had perfect attendance.”

“That’s a shame. Well I’ll tell everyone, so get well soon.”

“Yeah. . .Um, Koharu, will you be okay alone?”

“I’m no longer a child. I’ll be okay!”

Contrary to Aoi’s worried words Koharu quickly replied. She did so
without thinking deeply about it, but when she got to school she
immediately understood the meaning of “Will you be okay””

“Eh, Aoi-chan is taking a day off?”

Immediately after she went to school she informed her usual friend
group, however today was different from usual. The kid who came to Aoi
never went through the trouble of talking to Koharu. If they don’t come
to her she doesn’t know how to talk to them. Even in the group she is in
she doesn’t know how to behave.

Then Koharu finally noticed. What “Would you be okay?” meant. The people
in her group are Aoi’s friends, not Koharu’s. Without Aoi she would be
alone.

Koharu began to panic as she understood she simply took the leftover
that spilled over from Aoi.

She couldn’t live as is. Her appearance and ability are mediocre, and
she can’t even make friends.

– – If she doesn’t change. . .

After that Koharu tried to get involved with other people besides Aoi,
but it didn’t work out.

Her spot in elementary school was already established. She tried making
friends in junior high without relying on Aoi, but it didn’t pan out
because she was in the same class and club as Aoi for three years.

As long as she is by Aoi she can only be Aoi’s sidekick. With that being
the case she thought that she could get away from Aoi if she went to
another highschool, but she was too scared. Her anxiety was too high, so
she decided to go to the same school.

She wants to get out of just relying on Aoi, but she also doesn’t want
to leave. There was a reason she wanted to be by her side, because she
liked it, she was afraid to go places where there were no more Aoi.

I don’t want to just be a bonus for Aoi.

I want to be equals. 

I want her to turn towards me.

I want her to feel just as strongly as I do.

I. . .I want her only to see me.

Therefore she chose a different club than her in high school based on
some classes from junior high school.

“Let’s join the art club Koharu.”

“No, sorry. I am joining the cooking club.”

They had the same class, but now she will do things without Aoi. At the
cooking club where she decided, she was able to do well with both her
classmates and senpai. For the first time, she made relationships
without Aoi being the foundation.

Thanks to helping out at home she was already good at cooking.

“Wakashima-san is really good at serving meals!”

“It looks delicious! Koharu-chan is amazing!”

It was confusing at first, but her fellow club members would praise her
all the time..

Happy. Fun. She finally had a place other than besides Aoi.

Her friendship with Aoi’s group in the classroom was still hazy, but her
confidence recovered from her club activities. It also influenced her
relationship with Aoi and her behavior in class.

“Koharu looks like she’s been having fun these days.”

“Yeah! Club activities are really fun.”

Her quiet smile became brighter and she became more active in
conversations with her friends. Having self-confidence helped her study
and her grades began to improve. Not only did she follow after Aoi, but
sometimes Aoi started to chase after Koharu.

It was Aoi’s turn to experience the feeling of losing her childhood
friend, a friend that was always with her. She was originally a charming
girl, just one that wasn’t confident, but she couldn’t help but be
attracted to Koharu blooming.

Aoi fell in love with her serious profile as they did their homework
together, and at the pool she was thrilled to see her in her swimsuit.

On the day of the school festival, Aoi vented a secret to Koharu held
until then, she was jealous when she saw her intimate friendship with
her friends in the cooking club.

“I like Aoi-chan! I only have Aoi-chan! !”

Her love was finally made into words.

Koharu was prepared to die but it was accepted. She cried and jumped
into Aoi’s chest. In the arms of her loved one, she gave an obscured
gloomy smile and said-  –

“I’m happy. . .From now on, just look at me. . .”

With that said, Koharu gently wrapped her arm around Aoi.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*There we go, we finally got the good ending for Koharu finally.
Although it seems a bit hazy. Aoi is just selfish. It’s not like she is
evil, just didn’t know what she had until it was gone. Good for them.
Now we just need Koharu to get confidence in the real time line and
things will fix themselves.*

*Like if you did *

*Also thank you sleffy for the donation. I also came for the fluff, but
fell in love with the writing. It’s really good. Also thank you Illu for
the donation, I appreciate it!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0009_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0011_Chapter.md)

