[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0011_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0013_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 64: According to a Young Girl (3)

“Onee-chan gave me her movie ticket, so how about we go together?”

The following day, Koharu invited the movie loving Aoi, she happily
responded, “Let’s go! Let’s go! What movie?”

Koharu has been feeling melancholic these days, but she is still happy
to be able to go out with Aoi.

She was also expecting her to refuse because she usually wants to see
Sara on her days off, so she was thrilled to hear a good reply.

“How about this one. It will be released this Friday, and it looks like
it will be popular.”

She said that and showed tickets bought in advance. Aoi’s big smile
began to solidify. She then slowly apologized with her eyebrows and Aoi
scratched her cheek. Awkwardly saying “Ah- . . .”

“I’m sorry, but I promised to see that movie with Sara on Sunday. I’ve
already reserved the seats online. I’m sorry, but you’ll have to invite
somebody else.”

“. . .I see.”

- –   –  Sara Fujioka again!

For the first time in a long time, she thought she could finally go out
and play with Aoi. 

She knows that it couldn’t be helped because it was already planned in
advance, but her feelings right now are much stronger than logic.

She couldn’t control her resentment.

Not only did she not get the coveted lover seat, and now Sara was
eroding her place as a friend. She began to feel impatient.

Unfortunately, Aoi’s words to go meet each other, didn’t reach Koharu.
Even if she gave an oral promise, she wonders if she will meet Sara, her
feelings just told her she wanted to run away.

“I want to introduce Koharu to Sara-chan someday. She is a very
wonderful girl in both appearance and personality.”

Aoi fell into her love talk as usual without noticing Koharu’s feelings.

Aoi quickly gets along with everyone, but she has never been so crazy
about anybody in the past. At Least Koharu can be sure of it from their
memories together. She wonders what kind of girl Sara Fujioka is.
Somebody who fascinated not only her sister’s boyfriend, but also Aoi.
What kind of face should she have when they meet?

She doesn’t want to meet her, but the scene of Aoi with her love will be
brought to her someday.

Before that happens, she’d like if she could gain more information about
Sara. With this in mind, she casually asked her brothers and sisters
friends in Tsubakigaoka without telling Aoi. She heard the rumors
surprisingly quickly.

They say she is a beautiful girl that turns everyone’s heads around her.

They say she is a person of few words and unfriendly.

They say she dated several boys during summer vacation, but broke up
with all of them in a short period of time.

They say she does compensated dating.

She is a celebrity in Tsubakigaoka, and although she doesn’t know if
it’s true, those are the four rumors that are most popular.

Koharu was a little confused, because it was too different from all the
things she heard from Aoi. “A very wonderful girl in both appearance and
personality.” Although the reason why came quickly. Love is said to be
blind. It was clear, Aoi was looking at Sara through the thick filter of
romance, and ignoring the many opinions of the majority of people. 

“Aoi-chan is being deceived. . .”

She thought that Aoi needed to get away from Sara right away, but if she
talked to Aoi about the rumors, wouldn’t she say “Sara isn’t that kind
of girl.” She is more likely to be stubborn. She knew Aoi had that kind
of personality.

That doesn’t mean she can’t do anything about it. She just wondered what
to do about it. 

“That’s right, I have to see her in person.”

This Sunday they’re going to see a movie, so it’s possible to ambush and
spy on them. She could ask Aoi when she is watching the movie. Aoi can’t
help but talk about Sara non stop these days, so if she asks about her
date plan she’ll tell her everything about it. If Sara is like that
rumored person, she has to pull her away from Aoi. Instead of her
feelings of hatred for Sara, she now has a strong sense of justice, to
protect Aoi.

Afternoon on Sunday, Koharu waited for Aoi and Sara at the corner of the
cinema complex. 20 minutes in, In plain clothes to blend into the
background, hiding behind a bunch of souvenirs, those two appeared
before.

“- – -Waaah.”

She soon noticed Sara next to Aoi. And instantly understood what her
sister and Aoi meant. Sara Fujioka is as ridiculously beautiful as the
rumors said. She was so beautiful that she couldn’t help but shriek in
admiration despite being her hated love rival.

She was so gorgeous that people passing by would look and double check
her. Aoi would speak innocently and Sara would react with blunt short
words, only highlighting her coolness. The contrast between Aoi in her
pure white knit, and Sara with a black shirt showed it more.

That is Sara Fujioka. 

An evil girl who has exceptional beauty and excellence. She has led on a
number of men and is now just playing with Aoi. If she had all that, she
could do whatever she wanted, life would be fun.- – -That’s what she
thought. However, despite that, her impression after seeing her was
completely different.

“She looks bored. . .”

It’s ridiculous for somebody who gets whatever they want, be recognized,
and cherished but still not be happy. It’s unacceptable.

Even when Aoi talks to her, acts spoils towards her, and links their
arms putting her head on her shoulder, despite seeing her pure love
still trying to move out with a troubled look. Gradually it made her
more frustrated.

What does she see in her? Of course she worships Sara’s appearance, but
she wasn’t as she imagined. She imagined new lovers would have more
happy feelings around them, but between them- – -You can’t feel it from
Sara Fujioka.

It doesn’t matter if it’s in front of the public, that’s not at all what
it is. It seems that only Aoi is in love. It makes sense, as Aoi is just
a play thing for Sara? She leads on men, why couldn’t she get a little
curious and try it with some women? She didn’t want to see Aoi happily
wagging her tail, selling her charm to a disinterested woman.

As she was staring at them with perplexed feelings, Aoi left, probably
to go to the restroom before the movie. Only Sara remained sitting on a
sofa in the lobby.

Koharu was watching from a distance, and after Aoi disappeared, Sara
stared at her right arm. The area Aoi had entwined with her own a while
ago. Her beautifully shaped eyebrows frowning. She wondered what was
wrong, but the next moment Koharu’s body shook with anger.

The arm the Aoi was just leaning up again, Sara hit it as if something
dirty was on it. She relentlessly did it many times.

Koharu didn’t mean to call out to her when she came. Rather she just
intended to hide and let them pass, but she couldn’t stand it anymore.
Plus she felt crazy as she didn’t know what Sara was going to do to Aoi.
Koharu was sucked into it, and approached.

“Fujioka Sara-san.”

After calling her out, her delicate shoulders jumped up. She looked back
at her suspiciously, up close her face was so well organized that it
made her angry looking at her.

“Nice to meet you. I am Koharu Wakashima. Aoi-chan’s childhood friend.
I’ve heard from Aoi-chan about your guy’s relationship.”

“Eh? Ah, yeah, nice to meet you.”

It irked her that not only her face but also her voice is beautiful. It
was cuter than she expected.

Did Aoi not even talk about her? She still held a suspicious look.

“You don’t like Aoi-chan, why are you dating her?”

Immediately after saying that, Sara’s eyes went wide. She refelecitly
tried to dismiss it, but the strong gaze and confident words from Koharu
silenced her. And after a bit of hesitation, she replied. “Is it that
easy to see?”

“As I thought. . .”

“Ah, but.”

“If you’re not serious, then don’t go out with her. Don’t hurt
Aoi-chan!”

Sara seemed like she wanted to say something, but she admitted that she
didn’t like her, that’s all Koharu needed to hear. She has to finish
this talk before Aoi comes back, so she doesn’t have time to discuss
more. She didn’t feel it was necessary.

“That’s all we have to say. . . So I’m begging you to break up quickly.”

If you don’t like her it should be fine? She said it with the intention
of pushing that, but surprisingly Sara kept silent with a sad
expression.

Sara raised her face as if she had decided on something.

“Sorry, but that’s impossible.”

“Why!?”

“That doesn’t concern you.”

“Tsk. . !”

Unfortunately she knew that was right. Koharu is just Aoi’s childhood
friend. She has no right to involve herself in the relationship between
the two. She might have been able to push it saying she was a friend
that was worried, but there are too many things she’d have to be honest
about. Koharu wasn’t mature enough to put it all on her sleeve.

And unfortunately, time is up. It doesn’t matter if Aoi comes back.

“. . . I’ve had enough.”

She turned her heel to Sara, prepared to leave quickly. Sara stood up in
a hurry and said “Wait” however Koharu shook it off, and headed for the
escalator to leave.

Sara was left behind, only able to watch, staring at her until Koharu
disappeared.

Koharu didn’t notice until the end, but on Sara’s left shoulder was
white hair from Aoi’s knit outfit.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Another misunderstanding. Poor Sara . Poor everybody. Nobody just
talks. Such a tragedy. Hopefully it gets better. Next chapter will be a
break chapter. Cute one. Then back to the alternative future.*

*Update, I don’t have covid, my family still does, but I’m doing good
for now. Just busy helping. So no problem right now. It’s thanks to that
and the free time I was able to get this one done. *

*Like if you did*

*/.*

*Also thank you once again sleffy, Yeah, I don’t know how to feel about
Aoi. I just think she is immature, but also secretive. It’s hard to
tell. Also I’m trying!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0011_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0013_Chapter.md)

