[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0012_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0014_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 65: (Extra) Summer Promise

AN: This takes place around the time just after Sara went to stay at
Shiori’s house.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

There is one problem with summer.

Well, it’s not really a problem, rather a gift. The trouble comes with
where I look.

“Shiori-san, it’s really hot today. Do you want some ice cream?”

Sara held out ice cream to me- – – instead, my eyes instantly nailed to
the two hills I could glimpse at. Yeah, this frankly isn’t good. I’m
trying to casually look away, but I’m wondering if I will be found out,
this is a constant problem.

Yup, apparently Sara seems sensitive to the heat, the clothes she is
wearing in her room are pretty light fitting summer wear. There is a lot
exposed.

Off the shoulder blouse, camisole, shorts, practically see through! Her
skin! The valley! Thighs! I would like it if you could be conscious of
my inner pubescent boy.

Moreover, it’s not too bad if it’s only sometimes, but she almost always
wears light clothes when I visit her room. Is she tempting me!? Am I
tempting her!? Ah, which one!?

Although I still hold my casual face, the valley I mentioned earlier was
burned into my eyes, and it isn’t going away easily. What should I do?

Sara’s chest isn’t very voluminous, but seeing your favorite person’s
cleavage is a magnificent view, it’s sacred and precious. No matter how
much you want to see it you can’t just look deliberately at it.

Plus, For some reason, Sara wears mature clothes when she goes out.

At first I thought it was just an air conditioning counter, but
apparently that isn’t the case. Even just going to a convenience store
she’d change from the off the shoulder top, to a short-sleeved shirt
with a collar. Even if she is dressed like this in her room she won’t go
out like this. . .I don’t really get it.

No no no, wait. I’m not saying I don’t like it. I’m rather happy to see
something precious. Furthermore, I don’t want strangers to see nor
worship Sara’s soft skin, so I strongly agree with reserving herself
from exposing outside.

Yeah, I know. I understand, I have no qualification to say anything
about Sara’s outfits. I got it, I understand that.

Putting that aside, I’m still anxious. Why is Sara so overexposed in her
room? Does she wear similar clothes even when I’m not here?

- –   –  So I took the chance and asked.

“Hey, it seems like you like wearing very loose loungewear.”

After worrying about how to ask, I decided I couldn’t hide that old man
eortic feeling and just threw a straight question. 

Because if she had the clothes she has on now, the off the shoulder
blouse, shorts, plus an apron. At first glance it’d look like a naked
apron.

Wearing that light of clothes is still very dangerous to your eyes. 

I have to ask why, my reasoning is wearing out at a super high speed, it
will definitely reach its limit. I might as well know before it goes.

“Eh, when I’m alone I dress loosely. This kind of clothing I only wear
when Shiori-san is here.”

“. . . . .Oh?”

“The clerk recommended it and said it was “fashionable”, so I bought it,
but I’m still a little embarrassed to wear these clothes outside.”

“I see.”

“When Shiori-san comes I make myself neater than usual. That’s why I
thought I’d wear it on the days that Shiori-san came. Does it look
strange?”

“. . .It looks good on you.”

“Awesome!”

My reasoning is safely returning. Welcome home.

Perhaps her invitation was more normal than I thought!? I was a little
embarrassed that I even had that faint expectation. Well, such is life,
yup. . . yup.

“Also I think this outfit would suit somebody with a sharper figure
more, like Shiori-san would look better than me.”

“It looks good on you. It fits your slim figure.”

“Thank you. But I’d still like to see you wear it. Hey, try it on.”

“Eh~?”

I’ve tried on these types of clothes before, so I know what it’s like.

As Sara said, it suits me very well. Rather it looks too good.

However I couldn’t beat her cutely begging, so as told, I tried wearing
the off-shoulder blouse she wore, but it’s without a doubt exposing a
lot of skin.

“Um, Shiori-san you look. . . Well sex appeal is excessively being
released, but it’s not exposing it all, is it no longer a crime? . .
.Let’s change clothes.”

“Yeah.”

Sara brilliantly blushed and handed my clothes back while for some
reason apologizing.

I sometimes forget, but I am the sex appeal character of a Yuri game. If
I wear sexy clothes it’s super effective.

Especially now. I’m wearing clothes that still have hints of Sara’s body
temperature. It can’t be helped if a little extra is released. Mainly
female hormones, pheromones, and dopamine.

“Shiori-san p-please refrain from exposing so much in public! Promise
me! !”

After changing clothes she approached me with a serious never before
seen face. I nodded and promised her after that.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Well that was a cute short chapter. Next one will be continuing the
Koharu drama route. *

*Thank you everybody for the kind words. My family is doing well, and
seems that it’s mainly passed. Plus I ended up staying safe! No covid
for me(fingers crossed)! We got lucky!*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you sleffy once again. Thank you, my family is doing really
well with a swift recovery. Now Koharu just needs to recover her
self-esteem. She does need that luck.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0012_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0014_Chapter.md)

