[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0014_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0016_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 67: (Extra) All Thanks to Chocolate

The story of the president and Yoko’s valentine.

 It’s about half a year from the main story.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

February 14th, Valentine’s Day.

In Japan, this is a day where girls give chocolates to their favorite
boy, but in recent years it seems that it is no longer just the case.
Colleague Chocolates, Friendship Chocolates, Chocolates Given by a boy
instead of a girl, Reward Chocolate. It’s a day where chocolate is given
left and right. Although Valentine’s day lands on a Sunday this year, so
Colleague Chocolate sales are considerably down.

And in my case, Chikage Hojo, the person I’m giving chocolate to is a
junior, who is also my girlfriend.

Today on Valentine’s day, I’m visiting Yoko’s house, however I told my
family I was going to the study room at my prep school. Not a second
after ringing the intercom, the door opened. 

Like a pet waiting for her owner at the door, she met me with a lovely
smile on her face.

“Welcome, Chikage-san!”

“Pardon the intrusion.”

“Is it cold outside?”

“It’s very cold. It’s snowing a little.”

We exchanged a light kiss instead of a proper greeting, “It was really
cold.” I said and accepted a gentle hug to warm my cold body.

Yoko’s family was gone- – – Or rather it seems she did her best to make
sure. It’s been a while since we’ve been able to enjoy being lovers
without worrying about disapproving eyes from somebody. 

Recently we’ve been trying to call each other by our first names instead
of me always being called “President.”. I was embarrassed at first and
somewhat creeped out.

However, for now she is still using honorifics for me, but we’re
planning to get rid of both honorifics and formal titles.

“My room is warm, so please come in.”

I was pulled to Yoko’s room. This was the first time I’m visiting her
room, but to be honest I’m a little scared to enter. I’m not
particularly a virgin so I don’t think I’m scared of that. I just
couldn’t imagine what her room would look like.

After all, it is Yoko. She is bold yet delicate, irresponsible yet
earnest. 

“I did my best to clean up, but please don’t look too closely.”

“If you say that, I’d want to do the opposite.”

“No no, I’m not joking! Especially the closest, that would be the
worst.”

“I’m not rude enough to open the closet without permission, but when you
say it like that, I want to open it. . ..”

What the heck is in there?

Yoko’s room has miscellaneous stuff yet is tidy, but there are many
things. A well-used study desk, a low table with a potted plant, a bed
with freshly washed sheets, and a book shelf with more than half of it
being a display shelf.

Those are the things that stand out, things such as plants on the walls
and shelves, plus an acoustic guitar leaning against the corner of the
room, but there are many other smaller ones. From here I could also see
There was a wide range of clothing, from pineapple-patterned aloha
shirts to girly dresses. So is this what her most private space is like?
It’s hard to tell. However it did feel “Yoko like”.

“I didn’t know you could play the guitar.”

“Oh, I can’t play it. It was my Dad’s guitar. I got it thinking I could
maybe play it, but I got frustrated. So now it’s just for decoration.”

“Is that so? There are plenty of plants, do you like plants?”

“It’s not that I like them, but I thought if you noticed them. . .you
might like me more?”

“Well, it doesn’t work when you tell me.”

She played dumb with her usual impish smile, then saying “But I do like
Chikage-san.” and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

It was a little disappointing to be on the cheek, so I said “Showing
your emotions, huh~.” and this time kissed her on the lips for a little
longer.

“Hey, Chikage-san. It’s the first time I invited you to my house. I
don’t plan on us doing this before you take off your coat, there are
steps. . . so please keep that cute face in moderation.”

“. . . So in short?”

“Let’s eat first.”

With a broad smile Yoko pointed to the red paper bag I had.

From the perspective, it’s like saying you’re going to eat it later on,
that’s what I also want so it’s okay. Apart from that, despite the fact
we usually skip a lot of the steps, I love seeing this serious Yoko
trying to keep things lawful.

“You’ll be patient.”

“Ahahaha, I will, I’m serious about enduring it. If I keep fanning the
flames I think I’d push you down immediately.”

Even though she is carelessly speaking, behind her eyes she is serious.
I’m sure that Yoko hasn’t realized that I’m the one fanning the flames.
Thank you for making me happy, how could I fan the flame for this cute
girl more.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

The assorted chocolates I brought and the chocolate cake that Yoko had
prepared. Those two were placed side by side on a low table, the sweet
scent spread throughout the room.

“Third years are free to go to school this month, so it’s been a while
since I saw you.”

“Since I don’t go to the student council room, we couldn’t meet even if
I went to school. So how is the student council doing? Is it going
well?”

After I retired, Yoko took over as student council president. I have
made several appearances for the sake of passing the torch, but I’m not
too worried. On the surface, compared to my prudish public face, her’s
is much more frank and cheerful than when I was in charge. 

It seems that the newly joined first years are doing their best thanks
to it.

“It is going pretty good. After all, it was a big boon pulling in
Shiori. What do you think?”

“I think she is good at stopping you from being reckless. It’s a good
pair.”

“Are you jealous?”

“A little. I’m not worried about an affair though.”

If I didn’t know Sugimura’s feelings, I might not be so calm. Because
with her style and face, I wouldn’t be so confident. 

People say that love grows when apart, but I also kinda want you to know
my anxiety rises at the same pace. I won’t say it though.

I’m aware that I’m loved, so I’m not really worried, it’s not
interesting to push more. As I picked up one of the chocolates, a hand
came and grabbed my wrist. The heart-shaped chocolate I picked up was
carried to Yoko’s mouth. “Yeah it’s delicious.” She then licked my
finger tips, instantly the heat rose in my body.

“If it’s Shiori, she should be going to Sara-chan’s place with romance
chocolates in her arms.”

“. . .For your information, I also came and brought romance chocolates
for you.”

“Thank you very much, I also did- – – I’ve given you chocolates many
times since junior high school, but I’m happy that you gave me your
romance ones.”

In return, chocolate cake was offered to my mouth, I opened it and said
“Ahh.” As I took it from the fork, the sweetness spread up. The air
around us was sweet.

She’s definitely grinning, As I stared up to the face of my stupid
lover, unexpecidetly she was staring at me with eyes full of love. The
loneliness and anxiety from not seeing her melted easily just like the
chocolate.

“Hey, Yoko.”

“What is it?”

“I don’t think patience fits us.”

Her amazed face immediately turned, her joyful eyes narrowed with greed
dyed on her face. She usually shows a laid back look, but she only shows
me this face- – – This face is only for me, and I desire it a lot. I
love her quick to joke, her frankness at times, her little perversions,
I love all of it.

Sugimura-san said if possible I should make good youth memories at the
least, but if she knew my love for Yoko, that has been hitting me hard
since then, it would be impossible. If Yoko was aiming for this, then I
would be completely defeated.

I can no longer have Yoko be beautiful memories from my youth.

“I love you. . .”

I murmured when the deep kiss was dropped. Afterwards, we shared the
different tastes of chocolate. By the way, didn’t people say that
chocolate has an aphrodisiac effect?

“Nnn. . .I love you too.”

The patience tournament was over. I blame the chocolate for making us
more aggressive and sensitive than usual.

Well, let’s share our love.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*AN: The previous chapter was really serious, so I wanted to write a too
good to be true sweet story. . . So I wrote it.*

*TN: I don’t know if this is canon or not. Regardless, we now have the
president’s real name. Also seems like their love is going well,
hopefully it can spread.*

*Like if you did*

*Thank you Sleffy, yeah, it was pretty dark, but it’s between a sweet
sandwich now.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0014_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0016_Chapter.md)

