[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0016_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0018_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 69: It Will be Okay

 I reached Sara’s condominium fine, although I was forced here by Koharu
and Yoko. If I think about it, I just bothered her the other day. I
don’t think coming this frequently with the excuse of “I want you to
heal me.” is good.

Sara said come by though, so I can’t refuse her. I already told her I
was here, so I just had to press the intercom.

After taking a deep breath, I finally pressed the intercom and waited
for a few seconds. A bouncy voice and a dazzling smile popped out from
the opening door.

Ah, already cute! I love it! Although she was already ridiculously cute,
it’s troubling how she has recently become even more.

“Sorry for suddenly troubling you.”

“No, I’m glad you came, but. . .You look exactly as Yoko described.”

Saying that, she gently touched the bags under my eyes. Her gently
tracing with her soft fingers, and her sudden approach shot up my heart
beat a little.

“Um, what did you hear?”

“A terrible face that spoils a beautiful woman. You are as beautiful as
ever, but you have a slightly pitiful face now. It’s like a sad puppy on
a rainy day.”

Maybe it’s not because of the lack of sleep, but how I was coerced to
come here. Still, I’m a little happy to hear that I’m a beautiful woman.

“It’s a pretty pathetic face.”

“It’s okay. I’ll fix it, I’ll lay out the bed.”

“I don’t know what you mean by okay. . .Pardon the intrusion?”

“Yes, come on in.”

I was invited to sit on the living room sofa. Normally Sara would
prepare tea for me, but today she sat down, presented her lap and patted
them.

Yeah, she is full of energy. She said “My lap is warmed up!” I’m happy
but I’m getting cold feet now.

Because it’s only been 5 days. It would be weird for me to come back to
this room just to lie on her lap just like I did five days ago.

“Thank you, Sara. But I’ll refrain from doing that today.”

“Eh, why?”

Sara curiously asked. I feel sorry for her, my heart is about to break,
but I can’t afford to lose here.

“Um, I’m very happy, but this is about my pride in being your senior. .
. Whenever something happens I can’t always go to you and ask for a lap
pillow. I’d look like a child always crying and coming to her mother.”

“Ah, now that you say that, maybe a little. . .”

“Isn’t it?”

I’m happy she was convinced. As if! If she just double downed, my head
surely would have been resting on her lap right now.

“Rather than be spoiled, I want to be the one relied on.”

I want Sara to lean on me with peace of mind. Lately, I’ve been showing
more than expected. I just know that it’s the clumsy, pathetic, naive
person I’ve been showing more, but I want to be cool in front of my
favorite person.

She’s seen me in a lot of pitiful spots. From now on I will show my
best.

I’m sorry, as I pat her head. Sara’s cheeks swelled. What an unhappy
appeal. Cute.

“I already rely on you enough.”

“I’d be happy if that was the case, but I’ll have to borrow your lap
another time. I’ll just enjoy the sentiment, thank you.”

“. . .Okay.”

I was relieved to see her reluctantly withdraw. After that, Sara had
narrowed the distance between us, and tightly took my left arm and
leaned on me.

I was confused and stiffened up, Sara looked up at my face and smiled
mischievously saying “Then, I’ll be spoiled.”. . .I thought I would die.

Or rather, this doesn’t mean I’m spoiling her, instead isn’t this also
just spoiling me? Sara was very entertained by this, it was far from the
“Can rely on” I envisioned.

I’m glad she is sticking to me, but I can’t move because I don’t know
what to do.

Oh, my adolescent boy inside is turning 18.

“Hey, Sara. I think this way of spoiling is different.”

“Eh, is that right?”

“Yeah, this is . . .well, isn’t this the way you’d treat a lover?”

I swallowed the words hostess and customer, instead changing it to
lover. I still damaged myself with those sweet words.

Once becoming more aware of this, my face flushed. Immediately after
declaring I will try to look cooler in front of my favorite person, it
once again seemed impossible.

Sara pondered after pointing it out, saying “Is that so?” but it seemed
that she had no intention of releasing my arm. On the contrary, she made
an innocent and impossible suggestion.

“Then, right now I’m your lover.”

- –   –  Outrageous seductress.

 The 18 year old boy was whispering in my heart, If she was really my
lover, I wouldn’t be able to keep her clothes on if this happened. I was
proud of my iron wall of reasoning, but it began to fall apart. What
should I do, nobody is stopping me.

“Hey, Sa. . .”

“So, what kind of nightmare did you have?”

“. . .Eh?”

Although it didn’t stop my reasoning, it did stop my hunter side.

I was confused by the sudden question, but Sara continued.

“I heard from Yoko. You couldn’t sleep because of a nightmare. What kind
of dream did you have?”

“. . .I forgot.”

“Liar. If you forgot you could’ve gone back to sleep, right.”

“Fufu, true. Aah, despite Yoko being deceived.”

“I’m sorry. But today I’m acting spoiled.”

I couldn’t escape from feeling the pressure from the cute girl. I raised
a white flag with a bitter smile. After taking a deep breath, I held her
hand, Sara raised her head and tilted her head slightly.

“Well um, I had a dream that Sara was killed.”

Of course I couldn’t talk about the game or the person who stabbed her.
Blurring out that part of it shouldn’t be a problem. It’s not a happy
feeling story, but I hope this could be used as a chance to make her
more cautious.

“Well, there is a cinema complex on the top of the shopping mall, the
mall where we bought gifts from. After watching a movie there, you were
rushed from behind by a girl.”

“Ehhh, scary!”

“Right? You collapsed with in your bloody state, and the culprit stabbed
her neck and commited suicide. It was very vivid and I was right there
but couldn’t do anything.”

“I see, that is. . .scary.”

Yeah, I was scared too.

That dream was the bad ending in the Sara route, so I couldn’t jump in
and protect her. It was shown through a thin film, and even if I tried
to, I was bounced off the screen.

My important person got cold, yet I could only watch. I felt that a lot
in the dream.

“It’s okay though. You see, because I’m 100% alive.”

Sara said, holding my hand tightly.

“Besides, nightmares won’t come true when you talk to others about it.
You told me, it will be okay.”

I felt my shoulder lighten when I was firmly told it’d be okay. I just
noticed how tight they were before.

I see. I wanted to just here it’d be okay. That it wouldn’t happen, that
it was just a dream, that I could just laugh it off.

“. . . I can’t win. In the end you spoiled me.”

“Is that so? Well then, let’s overwrite that experience.”

“Overwrite?”

“Yeah. Let’s go to the movie theater together and overwrite it with fun
memories. Let’s go to the pancake shop we went to before, watch a movie,
and look for accessories for yukatas.”

She began to list down all the things she wanted to do, adding that she
wanted to try the stardust limited time honey lemon frappuccino.

I couldn’t keep up with this positive proposal. To visit the scene of
the crime, in my stupor Sara then poked the tip of my nose with her
finger. And- – –

“Even if something happens, You will protect me this time, right?”

What? She said it with 100% faith behind it.

Geeze, this temptress. I could feel the corners of my eyes begin to get
a little hotter.

“Of course, leave it to me!”

I will never submit to that bad ending. I will protect this smile. If
there is anything I can do, I will do it.

I gently swore as I felt the lovely warmth on my left arm.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*That was sweet, I wish more happened, but it’s good she is honest. I
really enjoy how she isn’t keeping it a secret. There are enough of
those. Now we got another date planned.*

*Next chapter isn’t really a chapter. Rather a synopsis of all the
characters so far.*

*Like if you did*

*/*

*Also thank you sleffy.  Here is another sweet chapter! I hope those
fresh moments continue too.  And thank you Illu!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0016_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0018_Chapter.md)

