[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0018_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0020_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 70: The Path to Confession

“Confess? . . .No, impossible.”

I was completely restless after returning from Sara’s house. I could
only think about her. I was trying to read my favorite Yuri book in the
bath as a distraction, however I was still on the same page. The hot
water had already become completely cold.

This is a serious illness. The sickness of love. This Isn’t the Kusatsu
Onsen.

If I stay here I’ll likely get another illness.

The reason for my headache is 80% due to the Sara spoiling, and the
remaining 20% is Yoko and Koharu saying we act like “Love birds”.

We aren’t love birds! I want to be though! !

I wish I could say that without needing to endure the pain. I want to
declare it, I want to flirt. Even if right now the skinship is at the
stage it would objectively be seen as flirting, but I’m trying to do it
as lovers! I want to flirt with her! And if I’m lucky, go up the stairs
of adulthood ! !

“I don’t hate it, rather I think I really like it. . .”

That is the problem though. 

I have read many yuri books from my previous life. So therefore I don’t
have high hopes things can come just from skinship. The protagonist who
is torned by a one-sided yuri taught me this.

As the ancient proverb goes.

Don’t get tricked by a straight girl’s skinship. 

A high school girl who is fine with skinship, treats their best friend
like a lover, casually uses words like “love” or “dating”, even uses
heart emoji in the middle of messaging.

Sara also sent me a stamp of throwing kisses, but by no means does she
mean it. It’s the straight girl trap!

Stuff like that works up my feelings, but it’s no use to expect it to go
anywhere. Perhaps Sara as well.

How happy would I be if we were lovers? My face is getting mushy just
imagining it, if it happened- – -I’d have to train my facial muscles.

“. . .Confess, when would I be able to do that?”

My desire to confess is increasing, I want to tell you! That’s my
feelings, but the reality before me wouldn’t allow it.

I can’t say it’s fully not that I’m good for nothing and using it as an
excuse, the main reason is to avoid the bad endings. It is shaking me to
my core just thinking about it, but if I confess and it doesn’t go the
way I want, I can’t stay by Sara like I used to.

If I couldn’t stay by her side to protect her, she could end up going on
the nightmare route without my knowledge. I’d have so much regret if my
confession led to her death. Compared to Sara’s life, my love is
nothing.

Therefore the time for any confession must be determined beforehand.
When should I? Under what circumstances even if – – -Sara breaks my
heart, will she be safe?

“If we follow the game logic, she would be stabbed in autumn. It will be
a little after the school festival is over.”

So late October? Perhaps early November at the latest. 

The setting has changed a lot from the game, so I’m wondering if an
event will occur at the autumn school festival.

Perhaps there is a possibility that we’d reach the new year without any
changes.

So with that in mind, perhaps it isn’t time but circumstances that
matter.

“When will Sara become safe. . ? When Koharu is happy?”

If Koharu is happy, the knife won’t come out. Is it tied to Aoi? I don’t
know if something else could fill that, if there is anything else I’d
like to make it happen! 

At that time I can finally confess. . . For better or worse.

In that case that’s the challenge, I had to settle Koharu’s love before
my own. 

First of all, the problem is Aoi’s love for me. It’s not that loving
somebody is bad, but I’m sorry it’s honestly annoying.

Despite me trying so hard not to get close to her, why did she have to
fall in love with me??

Because she never confessed, nothing changed. So the stalemate continued
for a long time, and it’s getting tiring. I want something to happen
soon.

Besides, even if I shake off Aoi, I don’t think she will fall for Koharu
anytime soon. On the contrary, I’m worried about leaving Koharu to Aoi,
who treats her precious childhood friend so carelessly. Koharu’s face in
my dream doesn’t seem like a good finish. Although there is no place for
me to be between those two. I’d be at the level of not getting in the
way, but also not supporting.

“. . .I wonder if it’s the true ending.”

There are three endings for the “Koharu ” route in the game. Happy
Ending, Bad ending, and true ending.

Now that the happy ending has disappeared, the only remaining one for
Koharu to possibly be happy is the true ending. However the risk is too
high. Because in this ending, Koharu’s heart is broken.

“Happy ending is mutual love, bad ending is remaining friends without
confessing. Why is the true ending the broken heart ending?”

Normally the broken heart ending would be the bad ending.

Following the game scripts, Aoi was confessed to by Koharu, she was
troubled and tried to accept her feelings for a while, but after much
thinking she couldn’t see her as more than a friend. It goes roughly
like that.

Yeah sure enough, bad ending. . . Right? Because it’s only a broken
heart for Koharu, it’s not a bad ending for Aoi? Ahh, this is
complicated.

Well I guess I’ll take what I know. Koharu’s having a broken heart is a
bad ending, no questions asked! Geeze, what is so bad about my cute
junior.

I am learning from my experiences so far. That will probably be the case
if the script’s true ending happens. 

There must be some hope that it isn’t like it’s pictured in the game. I
want to believe. Otherwise, Koharu will not be happy on any route.

Although there are only two endings for Sara and I, having the extra
ending for Koharu must not be pointless. A broken heart that she can
process and understand may be her key to happiness. That is the good she
can get from that ending.

I built up a large sigh after thinking about it for a while.

I tried to explore various possibilities, but in conclusion, it seems
that my love is dependent on Koharu. However, in order for me to
confess, I have to have Koharu’s heartbreak. It leaves a pretty bad
impression if you look at it like that. However I also wish for Koharu
to be happy.

Still, How the heck do I convince her to get her heart broken. . ?

“Ahhhhh, geeze! A confession is a long way from now!!”

A path to that rosy future is still unclear.

However I did find the direction to it, I must have faith in it and
proceed.

For the sake of Sara, Koharu and myself.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

AN: The truth of the true ending that was hinted at in the first episode
was finally shown.!

*TN: Also she said if you like it she’d appreciate your thoughts,
bookmarks and rating ,etc. Here is a
[link](https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0307gl/)
([https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0307gl/](https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0307gl/))
to the story if you want to bookmark it, you’d need a syosetu account
though, so understand if you can’t. BUT DON’T SCROLL DOWN. Spoilers. *

*Okay so pretty sad stuff. Koharu needs to get her heart broken. However
she’d also need to grow from it, and stop her codependency. So perhaps
it’s for the best. Maybe Shiori can help figure it out. That’s it thanks
for reading*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you sleffy, I wonder what Tomoda will do, perhaps help Sara
realize her love for Shiori if she is a good friend.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0018_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0020_Chapter.md)

