[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0021_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0023_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 73: Attack

“Wakashima-san, I have received good news and bad news. Which one would
you like to hear first?”

While unwrapping our lunch in the student council room, I asked Koharu.
She chose the good news with a suspicious look. Adding “Why so polite?”

“Okay, good one first. I had an opportunity to talk to Shimamoto-san
earlier, and I was able to resolve the misunderstanding she had about
us. She’ll reach out to you soon, so please keep that in mind.”

“Really!? Thank you so much!”

A rare sight. . . Is this the first time I’ve ever seen this? With no
hidden intentions, a simple smile and a thank you. The kitten allowed me
to hold her! I’m so happy!

Although when I think about it, It’s still a little daunting.

“So what is the bad news?”

Yoko interjected from the sideline.

“The bad news was, Shimamoto-san confessed. Of course I rejected her.”

“”Ahh. . .””

Don’t both have distant looks. My spirit is about to leave my body.

I told Yoko and Koharu about my interaction with Aoi. I was wondering if
I should have told Koharu this, but Aoi would tell her anyway. So it’s
better to tell her soon, rather than hide it.

When it came to the part of the story about Aoi’s unyielding
declaration, I got sympathetic looks from both sides. Is Koharu feeling
sympathy for me?

Regardless I’m just relieved that she seemed to be calm about it all.

“So that’s why you melted into your desk a while ago.”

“Yeah, I really should have studied more trends and had countermeasures
before taking on that challenge. I really regret not now.”

“Don’t act like a confession is like preparing for an exam, you nerd.”

Thinking about it now, I was going off of pure courage at the time.
Although no matter where it would have happened, it’d be too hard to try
and solve it without a simulation or performing without a rehearsal.
It’s like taking an entrance exam without solving the entrance exam
workbook.

“But now Shiori’s intention is certainly conveyed, and for
Shimamoto-chan she’d probabl-”

“Aoi-chan is the type of person to follow through on what she says.”

Interrupting Yoko’s words, Koharu made an unpleasant ascertain. Although
she is usually less confident, she spoke up with conviction we rarely
see.

“Before there were some people that hated Aoi-chan at first, but she
chased them down, and won them over in the end:”

Despite Aoi being human, after Koharu’s smug explanation a shiver goes
down my spine, I could only imagine being chased around.

“That’s unfortunate. Of course you’d be confident if you already had a
successful experience.”

“It may be too late this time however. Yoko-senpai and Sugimura-senpai’s
words may have had the opposite effect on her.”

“Thank you Yoko! !”

Going with the momentum I hugged her, after making contact she said “AH,
Thank you for your boobs!” with a thumbs up. And I immediately separated
from her.

She never stops. It’s the worst thing to say, but at least I could calm
down.

“So Wakashima-san is an expert in the field of Aoi Shimamoto, are there
any countermeasures?”

“I think quickly dating Sara-san will work.”

“If I could do that, I wouldn’t be having such a hard time!”

As I couldn’t contain it and shouted, Koharu said “Then I don’t know. So
noisy.”

This is on the heels of yesterday. Yoko then asked “By the way how did
yesterday go?” 

I ended up remembering “I’ll tell you first” from Sara. Did Yoko guess
that it didn’t go well? She is always so sharp.

While giving a short abridge about Tomoda-san’s story, I talked about
yesterday’s interaction with Sara.

“You reap what you sow, eh?”

“Are you feeling more motivated at least?”

“Isn’t this the usual end up friendzoned story?”

“How can you be so stupid while having such good grades?”

Those two burned me together.

I’m aware of it, but my lunchtime friends’ assault is too unforgiving
and painful. I’m already heartbroken, so I think you could at least be
kinder. Especially Koharu! Geeze, I’m going to cry already!

I know already, you don’t have to say it. Yesterday was almost
self-destruction. The reason I am so stuck in the friendzone is largely
due to the accumulation of self-destructions like this.

I know that already. But in this bleak atmosphere, are those harsh words
really needed right now? 

“If it’s a confession from Shiori, I think there is a high probability
that Sara-chan will accept it.”

Yoko said.

“The problem isn’t the “Accepting”. I’m confident that I’m a
particularly important friend to Sara, that’s why it’d be hard for her
to refuse a confession. . .”

“Such a luxury problem.”

“From Wakashima-san’s point of view, for sure. But if she isn’t in love
with me, I’d hate for her to date just for us to stay together.”

Because I fit exactly in the spot Aoi would in the game, Sara won’t have
a happy ending.

“My main wish is for Sara to be happy! I have to have self control, It’s
out of the question for her to be enduring pain while dating me!”

“And what about self-sabotaging? That’s another story.”

“Yeah what about that?!?!”

Ah, that’s true.

In the end, it’s about taking different courses without complaining, but
that’s difficult. If that could be so easy I wouldn’t be in this
situation.

I mean, Koharu couldn’t confess, and even Yoko couldn’t confess for a
long time and she made it worse. So don’t all three of us here not have
a good love track record?

As I was thinking about their rudeness, footsteps could be heard, the
door to the student council room was knocked on. Before I could reply, I
heard an enthusiastic “Excuse me!”.

The person I didn’t want to see the most now appeared.

“Ah, As I thought! Are you having lunch here? Can I join you?”

Hiiiiih, She’s here already!?!

I don’t want to be with you! This is my resting time! !

“Shimamoto-san. I already told you I didn’t want to get along!?”

“Didn’t I also say I’d be pursuing you regardless?”

“It’s annoying, so therefore stop right now.”

“Don’t wanna.”

I refused her so clearly, but she wasn’t scared off at all. And her
approaching me with her usual friendly smile is somehow unreal, it feels
even more scary. This isn’t a positive monster, but a positive zombie.

Generally speaking, she came before burying the hatchet with Koharu. Aoi
acting like no one around could make Koharu angry.

Koharu was already in panic by the sudden appearance of Aoi.

She walked into the student council room without hesitation. Aoi went
straight to the chair beside Koharu and touched it next to her, Koharu
said in a stiff voice “Yeah, it’s open.”

Up until now, Yoko was just silently watching this happen. When all of
the sudden-

“Shimamoto-chan, ordinary students should not enter the student council
room without permission.”

“Eh-, Sugimura-senpai and Koharu are here though. Isn’t that an abuse of
power?”

“Shiori is a temporary helper for the student council room, and
Wakashima-chan is being recruited into being a member next term.”

Although what she says is true, the last part is complete crap. I’ve
never heard anything about having this rule for the room. It’s really
annoying when your friends lie so easily, it’s hard to tell if they are
reliable or not in the future. However, that doesn’t matter right now.
Good luck Yoko!

“If you have no other reason then you should leave the room, and the
person you’re looking for doesn’t want to see you.”

Huh? Yoko was asking for consent and I agreed many times.

Aoi received an unexpected counterattack. Her mouth sharpened in
dissatisfaction. She looked at me, then Yoko, and finally Koharu who
refused to make eye contact. She sighed a little.

“Understood. I’ll talk to you outside the student council room.”

“Ahahaha-, You have guts uh. Keep it in moderation though.”

Although they were both smiling, like it was a manga or anime,it seemed
that there were sparks being shot between those two. Aoi said “Pardon
the intrusion.” and left. After waiting a bit to hear the footsteps go
away. Yoko then sank back into her seat.

“Thank you. . .! I have never been so happy that Yoko was my friend
until today.”

“Eh- It is more subtle, but that’s okay. Nonetheless, you’ll still have
a huge load to deal with after this. So stay strong.”

“I don’t want to leave the student council room anymore. I’ll just live
here. . .”

“That’s fine, but usually it’s the people that stay in the safe room
that dies first in the horror movie.”

. . .That is the clinche. No, Aoi won’t come to kill me. It’s my mental
state that will likely be done in.

“By the way, you were talking about Wakashima-san being recruited for 
next term. That was quick thinking.”

“Oh, I wasn’t lying. I’ve been thinking about getting more people.
Mainly both Wakashima-chan and Shiori.”

“”. . .Eh?””

Koharu and my voice harmonized.

It seems that Koharu also didn’t think she was serious. We looked at
each other and then back to Yoko, prompting her to continue.

“When the school festival is over, the current student council will be
dissolved, right? If all goes well, I’m going to be the next student
council president, but I have to replenish our manpower after the
seniors leave.”

So that’s why we were specially picked out of everybody.

I’m already helping out, so I already have a connection with the student
council. It’d make a lot of sense to go after. Koharu on the other hand-
– –

“Wakashima-chan is serious and true to herself, plus interesting to talk
to. Since she is a first year student, it would be even better if she
could remain for the following years as well.”

“You sure I’m good enough . .”

“Eh-, by all means I really want Wakashima-chan to join. Don’t say “You
sure”, have some confidence.”

Yoko is just as ridiculously positive as Aoi. With a cheerful smile and
voice, she suggested it. Koharu was unknowingly told the words she
needed to hear the most.

The effect was cute, Koharu’s cheeks dyed red, she couldn’t hide her
joy. She seems to have some self-control, but her eyes are shining with
a film of tears.

“That’s right. Whether or not I join, Wakashima-san seems to be an
excellent choice.”

“Sugimura-senpai. . .I’m not that good.”

“Student Council work and study isn’t related. What matters most is
personality. Besides, I heard your grades aren’t that bad?”

“I’m not saying they are, but. . .”

She is humble, but she must have this low evaluation because she
compares herself to her sisters. Plus her grades are reasonably good. 
In-game, She even tutored Aoi with problems she didn’t understand in her
summer homework event.

It’s Koharu, she has low self-esteem, even though she is quite good at
stuff. Her student council work may make up for that and fix that toxic
mentality of hers.

“I’m not saying you have to, but think about it. If you like your time
here, then come back next semester.”

“. . .Okay.”

“Shiori, it is mandatory for you.”

“Eh!?!?”

I want to refuse. I want to refuse with all my might, but I’ve been
helped by Yoko too much lately, so it’s a little hard to refuse. Also
I’d like to still be able to use the student council room as an escape
measure for Aoi, but I can’t say I could use it if I’m not a member.

Huh? Before I knew it, I was already surrounded?

Yoko gave a tactical smile as she said “You won’t refuse, right?”. I was
getting dizzy.

“H. . .Hold on!”

Ahh, I’m already busy with Yuri and Sara, I don’t have time to join the
student council!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

***This chapter was pretty hard, I hope I got it right, but made sure to
make it*** *coherent and nothing  story breaking. Also I can’t help but
feel a little bad for Aoi. A part of me is rooting for her. I guess she
really is the protagonist. Also really happy to see Koharu warming up to
everybody. *

*I’m just realizing I like all the characters in the story. I want to
know more about all of them.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you Illu, and Sleffy. I am also looking forward to that
fallout. I want to see how Sara will react to Aoi going on the
offensive. *


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0021_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0023_Chapter.md)

