[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0023_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0025_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 75: Sara’s POV (3)

For a while, the story will be from Sara’s Point of view.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

How do people know they’re in love?

Why do you even want to fall in love?

In addition to the real world. Movies, drama, manga, are overflowing
with love as the focus.

Is it good that everyone wants to be in love?

It was just before the start of summer vacation. In class I was supposed
to be planning a summer vacation trip with my friends, but before I knew
it, it became a presentation about what the girls with boyfriends will
be doing. Go to the beach, go to the theme park, or really want to go on
an overnight sleepover. They talk about their plans swinging between joy
and anxiety, and the other girls were excited and sporadically
interjecting, all of them were obsessed with love.

I’ve been swayed by other people’s excitement, so even if I don’t have a
good impression, it’s nice to be around them.

“Hey hey, What about Sara-chi?”

“Eh?”

My daze was suddenly interrupted and I came back to my senses. It seems
that the subject has changed.

“What about Sara-chi? Do you have any summer dates with the person you
like?”

“. . .No.”

“You don’t!?!?!”

The girl who asked me stood up and hit the deck and shouted, it caused
my shoulders to jump. That’s bad for my heart.

I don’t have one, but Shiori, who plays the role of my favorite person,
regularly visits my house to tutor me, but I can’t tell them that. If I
say that, the fact I’m living alone would be revealed.

Although, I am aware that I am not good at telling lies.

“Why don’t you invite him? If you let your guard down, somebody else
will take them!”

“That’s right. Your favorite person already seems to be popular!”

“Uuu, they are pretty popular. . .”

She got confessed to just the other day on the train. Even if she
doesn’t say it, I’m sure she is popular in places that I don’t even know
about. Or rather, there is no universe where Shiori-san isn’t popular.

No, Shiori-san is somebody I wholeheartedly like, but she isn’t my
“Favorite” person. However, if she ends up dating someone. . . No, that
isn’t a good thought.

As I was hesitating to reply, my friend shot up saying “Hey, invite them
out!”

“Yeah, okay. I’ll invite them.”

Should I invite her to the firework display we talked about earlier?

Regardless of whether or not I like Shiori-san, I would still be happy
if she thought of me as her best friend.

I would have never imagined wanting to be a number one friend, recently
I was crying because I couldn’t make any friends, but that all changed
since I met Shiori-san.

I love her, so of course I want her to like me too. Even if it’s not in
a romantic sense, I can still feel fulfilled being a close friend. So, I
don’t need to fall in love yet.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Homosexuality is a thing. I knew about its existence but I felt like it
had nothing to do with me, however that all changed when Tomoda-senpai
confessed to me.

The sadness and fear of losing a close senpai, I cried to Shiori-san
because I felt bad for not being able to respond to her feelings. That
night I remembered those words, the words Tomoda-senpai said to me.

“You really like Shiori-san, don’t you?”

“I’m jealous. I’m no match.”

When she said that I ignored it, but later on it hit me. Tomoda-senapi
said that as if I liked Shiori-san in a romantic sense. And the kids in
my class also say that. After I talk about Shiori while acting like she
is a boy, they always say I have a face like a maiden in love, and that
I must really like them. Recently, when I’m on a video call with my
father, he would even say things like “Is Shiori-san really a girl?”.

The people around me seem to believe that I am really in love with
Shiori-san.

To fall in love with another girl is very unfamiliar to me. Same goes
for the opposite sex, or rather just in general. In the first place,
what is love? The more you like them, the more you will fall in love?

I don’t know when that line is drawn. Until this spring, I didn’t even
have any friends, so the hurdles of romance are too advanced for me.

I have a bit of a desire for those kinds of relationships that you see
in romance manga, where two people care about each other and cherish one
another so much, but I still have a strong sense of avoiding it.

As I am, the arrival of that spring is still far away.

Even though I thought that, my expectations were soon shooken.

I was pushed down at Shiori-san’s house. It was the first day of summer
vacation when I was staying over. When I asked her to sleep with me on 
her bed, she said “You really are. . .”.

The act of pushing someone down is pretty hard. I had imagined it’d be
something like that, but it actually wasn’t that violent, it was soft
enough to put me to sleep. As I was smoothly laid on my back. While I
was thinking about what just happened, I realized that Shiori-san was on
top of me.

As I looked at Shiori-san’s eyes looking down on me, highlighted by the
light of her room, I wondered what she was thinking. I caught my breath.
Those eyes, I’ve seen them before. Those passionate, wistful eyes. A
color very similar to the eyes of those who had confessed to me in the
past.

The same color of love as Tomoda-senpai.

No way. Does Shiori-san?

Ah, but she said just yesterday that she doesn’t see me as a romantic
interest. But now I am currently being pushed down. What is really going
on?

Shiori-san is sexy. Her body is hot and it is very apparent after she
took a bath, especially her upper. Those big soft breasts that change
their shape even if they move a little, asserting their presence.

What is this, it’s completely different from mine! It’s crazy! I want to
touch them!

–   –  That’s not right. Now is not the time.

As I stared at her wondering what just happened, her beautiful face
slowly lowered with a sexy smile.

“Sara. . .Close your eyes.”

Despite the fact I shouldn’t, I reflexively closed my eyes. This is like
saying it’s okay to kiss!

Back when I was in junior high school, there were girls in the back of
my class that said they had practice kissing with their friends, and
they would kiss each other in punishment games. So is this kind of
skinship normal between girl friends? Perhaps, Is it weird that I’m
conscious of it?

No no no, but the thought of kissing Shiori-san’s full lips is making me
a little nervous! What should I do? It’d be a bit of a waste, but should
I stop this?

As I was confused about what to do, I heard an audible nervous gulp from
Shiori-san.

Is it possible that she is nervous too? Come to think of it, she said
she had never dated before, so this might be her first kiss. If that’s
the case, is it okay for me to be that person?

After a few seconds of tension, I could sense her face slowly
approaching me. I could feel her bangs touch me, and felt her breath. My
heart is racing a mile more and more.

\*Gong!!!\*

“Ouch\~\~\~\~~!”

The impact of a headbutt instead of the softness of lips had shocked me.
I involuntarily held my head and pushed back. When I opened my eyes, I
saw Shiori-san looking down with a slightly angry face, and before I
knew it she also got off.

“It didn’t hurt, the pain will wash away. You didn’ resist at all, you
don’t know when to quit!””

“But-!”

“No buts! You were in a spot where you could have been robbed of your
firsts, not just your first kiss!?”

Oh I didn’t think about it that way. It’s true that she pushed me down,
so I should have imagined what would happen after, but I couldn’t help
it. Because my head was clouded from the softness of her breast, and the
lips that were approaching me.

Besides, I don’t think Shiori-san is the type of person who’d force
something like that onto somebody. In the end the kiss didn’t happen. .
.Maybe she just didn’t want to.

“I know, but Shiori-san’s sex appeal is too strong? Or rather, oh my
gosh I was surprised by how soft your breasts were. . .Um, plus if it’s
Shiori-san then I wouldn’t hate it, so I guess it’d be okay.”

“You were supposed to hate being pushed down. I’m really worried.”

I felt bad that Shiori-san now, she had a tired face as she sighed, but
I think it’s cute that she is a little red despite her being the one
starting it. I’m sure my forehead is a little red, so we probably match.

“It’s fine, I’d push them away if it was someone else!”

“Do the same with me. Well, I’m going to grab the futon, so please
reflect on it.”

“O~K.”

She told me to reflect on it.

That we were supposed to sleep together? Or, that despite being pushed
down and if kissed, I didn’t resist?

Rather than that, I wonder what Shiori-san thinks of me. 

I thought she liked me when I got pushed down, but she didn’t do
anything in the end. And was even angry at me for not resisting, so
maybe that’s not the case. I think if she liked me she wouldn’t have
stopped.

Because of Tomoda-senpai I wonder if I’m just too self conscious now.
It’s embarrassing.

“If we kissed, what would have happened. . .”

If Shiori-san really liked me. If she kissed me, if she confessed. 

I wonder what would happen to our relationship. How would I respond?

I couldn’t come up with the answer despite thinking about it for a long
time.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*There are going to be ALOT of Sara pov chapters coming up. So look
forward to that, Shiori is taking a break. She should, because she blew
it. If she kissed her then, the story would have been very different.
It’s pretty obvious now though, Sara is at least interested in Shiori
despite how calm she looks to Shiori. *

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you to a couple of people this time. Thank you meowmeow, yup
finally movement! Thank you Sleffy, I also can’t wait to see how things
are going to change. Also thank you to both Seungwanderlust and
13aroness. I really appreciate the support!*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0023_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0025_Chapter.md)

