[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0030_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0032_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 81: Sara’s POV (9)

For some reason, I was convinced that Shiori-san liked me.

As I lay down on the sofa in my living room, I reflected on the past. In
quick succession I saw all my memories with Shiori-san since summer
vacation.

Perhaps “I wished she liked me”. That thought which wormed its way in my
head, ballooned, but I was glad I realized it before I confessed. I
imagined myself confidently confessing my love for her and it being a
misunderstanding, and then having my confession crushed. I was so
embarrassed that I felt like I wanted to scream. Nonetheless, now I
believe that isn’t impossible. Even if I don’t suddenly confess my
feelings, I should try to find out how Shiori-san feels, and then make
an effort to make her fall in love with me. Then I can tell her how I
feel.

“But what exactly do I do?”

I thought about asking Natsuki-chan and my friends for advice, but their
advice would be for boys, it probably wouldn’t work on Shiori-san. That
being said, it wouldn’t work if I did the inverse, to approach her like
I was a man wouldn’t work either.

Then should I go to somebody in a same-sex relationship? Yoko-san? No,
my gut is telling me not to go to that person.

In the end, I decided to first look things up on my phone and try to
implement stuff I read on there. I read up on a lot of things,
regardless of gender, what I found out there was a lot of similar
advice. Having a clean expression with a smile, and that’s before
romance.

Skinship, using heart emojis and stamps, making eye contact and letting
them know I like them. I feel like I’ve already been subconsciously
doing all of this, I don’t know if that is enough anymore. . .

I think I should be more aggressive. Shiori-san seems dense.

—— I hope she likes me.

We are both girls, but strangely enough, I don’t have any hesitation. I
just want this love to come true, and it is strongly pushing me forward.
I’ve never wished for something this much before.

I wonder how much skinship is appropriate. I’m fine with stamps, but
looking them in the eyes and telling them how much I like them. . .I
wonder if I can do that. I’m going to seem suspicious. 

Oh, they say you could seduce with sexy clothes, but there is no way I
can compete with Shiori-san. She is a sex appeal goddess! It’s
impossible!

Just imagining it, causes me to flail around on the sofa while clutching
my phone to my chest. But if I want this to work, I need to do it. If it
moves Shiori-san’s heart even just a little! If anything it would make
it easier for me to understand if I reach out! I want to give it my all!

I’m half desperate, but I want to do what I can.

After deciding that, I started “Project Seduce Shiori-san.”

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Since then I frequently sent good mornings, and goodnight, mixed in with
stamps that might give her a thrill. While still making sure it isn’t a
lot to not bother Shiori-san. I don’t know how effective it is yet, but
I hope it works, even if it’s just a little.

As I was busy doing this unfamiliar gamble, July ended, and it was now
one week into August. When I woke up, for some reason I really wanted to
see Shiori-san.

Today is Thursday, so it’s in the middle of the week. There are still
three days left until Shiori-san will come over.

“Three days huh. . .That’s such a long time.”

I wonder if it would look strange if I earnestly say that I want to see
her. I did decide to be proactive in expressing my feelings, but now
that I’m aware of them I’m not as honest as I used to be. Before I’d
just say it, but now I pause and carefully choose my words. There are so
many times I’ve erased words, or waited for the right moment to say
them.

If it had been me before summer vacation I would have said without
hesitation “I miss you!”. Besides, I would have been happy if a friend
in my class told me something like that. I’m sure Shiori-san would also
be happy.

So this should probably be okay.

“Alright, I’ll send it!”

After much deliberation, I sent the message and waited while clutching
my phone.

—This is amazing. It’s like a shoujo manga, when you fall in love that
person truly becomes the center of your world. The “Love” that has
always tormented me up until now, that love I didn’t understand why it
was any good, I finally understand.

Just the tension leading up to sending the text, the impatient feeling
as I waited for the response, all of it is fun. Falling in love is
making me so happy. If this is just the case when it’s a one-sided love,
I wonder how happy I would feel if it was mutual. It sounds so foreign,
I can’t even imagine it.

A few minutes later my phone vibrated and I got an answer! I didn’t
mentally prepare in time, so my response stumbled a bit, but I hope
Shiori-san doesn’t think I was being weird.

I wonder if she didn’t think it was strange that I told her I missed
her, and she actually responded right away.

But now that I think about it, I told her I missed her and she
immediately responded, so I guess she does like me right?

That thought made me grin a little. Or am I just being self-conscious? I
really wished that was the case though.

As I was tidying up the table in high spirits, preparing for Shiori-san,
my phone rang once again. This time it was a short message. I checked
expecting it’d be Shiori-san, but actually it was Yoko-san.

“Morning, Sara-chan. Did you hear that today Shiori is taking the day
off?”

Shiori-san is coming to my house soon, so she must have decided to use
it as a break. . .but why? Did something happen? Why would Yoko-san
bother to contact me?

(Good morning. Shiori-san is coming to my house. We just talked
earlier.)

(Ah, I see. Good to hear. Thank you for letting me know!)

I was about to say a simple finishing message, but I immediately
received another one. What I read made me freeze.

(They’re a first year student in our club that loves Shiori, and I think
Shiori is taking a break because she didn’t want to be chased around by
her again. Because of how Shiori is, she must be mentally exhausted, so
she needs to be healed by you.)

A first year student in her club, it’s probably. . .no, it’s absolutely
that girl, right?

Ahhh~ she really did it, Shimamoto-san. I’m sorry Shiori-san. It’s
partially my fault!

(Is the first year a girl named Shimamoto-san?)

(Eh, you know her? Did you hear from Shiori?)

(No she didn’t tell me. Just a coincidence, I had a chance to talk to
Shimamoto-san the other day. I think I’m the reason why she started to
fully pursue Shiori-san.)

(Seriously!? Texting would be too long, could we have a call?)

I said it was fine, and then a call came in before I could think.

“Can you tell me what happened with Shimamoto-chan?”

Yoko-san said without hesitation, it was as if she was in a hurry.
Usually, she is the kind of person that likes to lead into what she
wants to know.

“The other day, I was hanging out with some classmates. It seems that
one of my friends went to the same junior high school as Shimamoto-san,
and I ended up taking the same train back home with her, so we talked
for a little bit. She wanted to get along with Shiori-san, and she asked
for my cooperation. . .”

“Hahh~”

“Of course I refused! But I told her that if she wanted to get along
with her, she should say so directly, so maybe that’s why she started
pursuing Shiori-san. . .”

I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything extra and just rejected
her.

“Well it was only a matter of time before she’d start to chase her
around, so I don’t think you need to feel guilty about it. Although, did
you tell Shiori that you met Shimamoto-chan?”

“I didn’t talk about it. If I did, I thought I’d carelessly talk about
her asking for my cooperation. I’m not sure if it’s a good idea to tell
her about it or not. Besides when I met that girl with Shiori-san there,
Shiori-san started acting strange, or rather she seemed like she didn’t
like her, so if I said something like that, she’d probably get worried.
. .”

“Huh- – -You’re not good at this. I mean, have you met her before,
right?”

Meeting her by chance so soon seems like fate. They say that something
that happens twice will happen a third time, let’s hope it doesn’t.

“Should I tell her about it. . ?”

If I stay quiet about it, I’d feel guilty because I’m hiding the fact
that Shimamoto-san doing this stuff is because of me.

But I also don’t think telling her would change anything. It doesn’t
mean Shimamoto-san would give up, but rather it only makes her worry
more. If that’s the case, I’d rather keep Shiori-san’s peace of mind
than deal with my guilt.

When I told Yoko-san this, she was a little taken aback, and laughed
saying “you two are more alike than you think.”

“I think it’s fine to just tell her, but I’ll leave it up to Sara-chan
to decide. I’ll keep quiet, and tell me if you tell her.”

“I understand. Thank you very much.”

“Yeah that’s alright. For that reason though, do your best to heal
Shiori. Skinship is best for healing! Of course bare skin! To be precise
the boobies.”

“Yeah- Understood. Goodbye-.”

Geeze, she was a good person up until that ending. I gave a quick
response and hung up. I wonder, does Yoko-san only feel comfortable if
she throws dirty jokes into the conversation. Is that her identity?

Well whatever. That isn’t the main question, it’s about whether or not
I’ll tell Shiori-san about me meeting Shimamoto-san. In the meantime,
I’ll care more about the timing and then apologize.

After finishing cleaning up. Shioir-san came to my house with a large
paper bag.

What she brought was a patterned Yukata she had talked about on the
phone. She said it was worn by her older sister on her first date. She
asked me to try it on, and then I remembered what I was wearing today.
Regardless of whether or not it’s sexy, it’s an off-shoulder top that
exposes a lot of skin. I put it on because Shiori-san was coming, but so
far it doesn’t seem like she’s being seduced. . .Even if I expected
this, it still hits hard.

So I’ll push harder with this! I asked her, “Should I take it off?” and
pinched my sleeves, but she didn’t respond. Like nothing she simply said
“What you’re wearing is fine.”

Yeah yeah, so that’s how it is. I guess I just don’t have the body to
pull off a trick like that.

After that we had a good time putting on yukata and cooking lunch
together, but after eating Shiori-san looked really tired.

I thought it was because of the lunch, but when I asked her she just
told me she just had not slept well last night, so I suggested a lap
pillow. She hesitated for a moment, and then said “Well. . .” and put
her head on my lap with her left side down.

Even though this isn’t the first time she has fallen asleep on my lap,
it feels completely different than before. After I realized I liked her
I noticed everything about her. Her weight on my thighs, her warmth, the
way she looked a little embarrassed, and other things I didn’t
particularly care about before were irresistibly endearing to me.

I remembered Yoko’s words. “Skinship is the best for healing!”, but
perhaps I was the one being healed. Because just by looking at her
relaxing on my lap felt like my heart was warming up quicker and
quicker.

As I stroked her glossy hair as if she was a cat, I heard her sighing
voice that was pleasant to my ears, it was as if my chest was about to
overfill and burst.

Ah, geeze. Please control your natural sexiness!

Shiori-san was more relaxed than before, as her eyes closed, she never
noticed my resentful gaze. I don’t want her to see it, but I’m also a
little annoyed that she doesn’t notice me at all. It’s not fair how
conscious I am of her and how nervous she makes me feel.

As she was lulled to sleep, I stared at her as her breathing began to
slow. I continued stroking her hair for a while. Wishing one day I could
make her feel this same thrill.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Sorry for the delay, I got pretty busy with irl stuff and the other
translation. It does seem that Shiori-san is much better at hiding it
than before.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you Sleffy, there are quite a few more POV chapters, so
expect a lot more Sara pov chapters. And Seungwanderlust, Yeah! I’m
excited too! *


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0030_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0032_Chapter.md)

