[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0032_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0034_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 83: Sara’s POV (11)

I keep in touch with my parents overseas. Not even counting texting, we
talk via video call once a week. I think a friendly relationship with
your parents is good.

Like Shiori-san’s, my father is child-doting. . .or rather compared to
Shiori-san’s father, who is more of a daughter-doting parent. If those
two met they’d be talking about their daughters the whole day.

That could happen if Shiori-san and I have a parent approval meeting for
our relationship, well I wonder if that day will ever come.

“Hmmm, I keep fantasizing. . .”

Love is terrifying. I’ve never been this dreamy before, but lately I’ve
been having these fantasies about “If Shiori-san and I become lovers.”,
and I can’t stop thinking about it.

If I say I love you, I want you to smile back, I want to hold hands. I
want to cuddle together on the sofa, where we usually sit beside each
other, whispering sweet words to each other, and giving sporadic kisses
many times.

I’d like to go on a standard date, like amusement parks or a movie
theater. I could see her not being good with haunted houses and horror
movies. Even if she’s extremely scared, I think she’d try and stay
strong, saying she’s fine. I can see her saying it with a tight face
trying to hide it, my face softened thinking how cute she’d be.

Ah, I smiled again at the imaginary Shiori-san. I wondered if this
counts as being an uncommunicative person like Miharu-chan said.

As I surrendered myself to the endlessly expanding sea of fantasy, my
phone beeped on the table beside me. I looked at my watch and then
realized what time it was, it was time for my video call with my
parents.

It was early morning in Japan, but it was evening over there. There is a
big time difference so we try to set a specific time for the video call.

“Sara! Long time no see!”

As soon as I hit answer, I heard my father’s excited voice and saw his
huge smile all over the screen. He has always been a cheerful person,
but since going abroad it has only grown. The air there must just suit
him. Behind my father’s big face, I could see my mother with a fed up
smile on her face.

“Yeah yeah, it’s only been 5 days, but long time no see. Ah you too
mother. Oh yeah, Happy anniversary!”

“Thank you, it’s officially our 20th anniversary this year.”

It seems that 20th anniversaries are called porcelain wedding
anniversaries. It’s common to give porcelain or ceramic tableware. A few
days ago my mother said that she got a variety of different colored mugs
from her favorite dinnerware brand.

I wouldn’t go so far as to say that they are an ideal couple, but even
from their daughter’s point of view, they are a close couple. I had a
vague notion that at one point in my life, I’d meet my life partner, get
married, have children, and become like these two.- – -Only up until a
few days ago. 

“Are you guys going out for dinner after this?”

“Yeah! Since it’s our 20th anniversary, we can splurge a little bit!
It’s too bad Sara can’t be with us though.”

“Ahaha, you should just spend your wedding anniversary together, for the
first time in a long time.”

I told them not to worry about me, my father looked lonely and dropped
his shoulders, but it doesn’t look like it’s all bad for them. Yeah, as
I thought, we are close.

After that we talked about various things happening in each other’s
lives. When suddenly my mother said “Oh by the way” as if she remembered
something.

“Yesterday I was talking to your father about what kind of person you’d
marry in the futur-”  
“It’s way too early for Sara to be thinking about marriage!”

“Well. It’s when Sara gets married, but it will surely be difficult with
your father, so please do your best.”

Is it okay to say “do your best”! My father simply pouted in the back,
as my mother gave a light smile. My father said it’s way too early, but
I’m old enough to get married according to Japanese law. However if I
said that he would surely get even more pouty, so I’ll keep quiet. I
don’t want to spoil the good mood on their anniversary. 

“I won’t just accept any guy. It has to be someone as accomplished as
Shiori-san.”

Uh oh. I know he is probably joking, but I can’t let those words slide.

It seems that Shiori-san is held in pretty high esteem by my father,
it’s probably because her name comes up often despite never meeting her.
Well, it’s also because I’m always complimenting her.

“Well, then I wonder if I’ll just marry Shiori-san-.”

“Eh?”

“Well, same-sex marriage is legal in Sweden.”

“Um, Sara. . .?”

In a half-serious way and with a friendly smile I asked if I could just
marry Shiori-san, but my father’s eyebrows strangely dropped.

On the other hand, my mother happily jumped in saying, “Ara, that’d be
wonderful.”

“I would love to get another daughter~, please introduce us to her when
we return.”

“Ok-ay. Well then, I’ll have to seduce her before then.”

“Sara~!?”

My father raised a pitiful voice, but I wasn’t going to say “I’m just
kidding.” Even though I didn’t mean for it to hurt or anything, he was
the one that stepped on the landmine. I have to get my revenge at least
a little.

“Don’t we need to get ready soon, we’ll be late for our reservations,
won’t we?”

“Seriously. Look, father, you have to hurry.”

“Sara~! Do not attract strange insects! Also be careful on the roads at
night, and make sure to properly lock all the doors.”

“Yeah yeah, don’t worry about it. Just have a good dinner. Bye!”

I sent the two busy people off with a “see ya later” and soon hung up
the phone, letting out a deep sigh when it was all over.

To be honest, I was a little nervous. I’m sure they didn’t mean anything
by it, but it was such a thrill to hear the person I love being
discussed with my parents.

“. . .Marriage, huh.”

I’ve just discovered love, and have no idea what the future may hold.
It’s not even mutual love yet, so don’t jump the gun.

A few months ago I had no idea I’d fall in love, so there is no way I
know what would happen years from now. I’d rather focus on how I’m
feeling right now.

I was resting my cheek on the table, deep in thought, when my phone I
was holding in my hand buzzed.

I opened the message screen and saw it was from my mother.

(I’m relieved to see your reaction has softened a lot, before you used
to react badly when we talked about love or marriage. We should have a
talk between just the two of us, without your father on the call.)

. . .I wonder how much she realized? I don’t want to talk about love
with my mother. I had to find an excuse this time.

I put my phone with the screen down gently on the table, and got up from
my seat. I’ll reply later. As I headed towards the kitchen to make a pot
of tea, my phone briefly rang once more.

I didn’t read it for an hour, thinking it was just an additional stamp
from my mother. I learned to regret that later when I realized it was
from Shiori-san! What is this timing?

In my moment of regret, I sent a quick stamp containing a “Good morning
kiss.”. I had never used it before, and she instantly sent a stamp back
with a cat saying “I love you!” it had hearts flying around it. It was a
stunning comeback.

“Geeze! This is what I mean! When you do this stuff! !”

Far from ignoring my recent hard work, she sent me this! Dense! Airhead!
Temptress! !

It’s hard enough for me to choose just one of my stamps, but she just
sends this instantly back!? Is she that unaware of me? It’s making me
depressed.

I should go on the offense and just send back “I love you too(Heart)” or
something. However, that’s impossible. The next time I see her I
wouldn’t be able to look her in the eyes.

What should I do? I’ve been trying to convey my love to her in very
simple ways, so that she will be aware of me, but I’m not sure if that’s
enough. However, what more can I do?

“You’re a powerful enemy, Shiori-san. . .”

It was after noon on that day, the day I was lamenting how dense my love
interest was. When I then received a message from Yoko-san, saying
“Shiori is asking for a Sara-chan lap pillow.”

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

(She had a bad dream last night, and didn’t sleep well. Her head isn’t
working and she had huge eye bags ruining her pretty face, so please
heal her.)

Sometime after I received a message from Shiori-san saying she was
coming over, I received an additional message from Yoko saying that.

It was a jokey text at first, so I thought she was simply teasing
Shiori-san. However, that wasn’t the case. I wonder what kind of dream
she had.

Honestly a bed at home would be better for her to rest at, but if she’s
coming over I’ll do my best to entertain her.

I cleaned up lightly, changed my clothes, and got ready to welcome her.
Once she arrived I met her at the door, I hadn’t seen her in her school
uniform in a while, and just as I heard, she looked a little weird with
dark circles under her eyes.

I welcomed her and invited her to my lap! However she firmly rejected it
and said “I’ll refrain from doing that today.”

She said that her pride as a senpai won’t allow her. I don’t really care
about age, I just want to be in a relationship where she can rely on me
and I can depend on her. I want it to be mutual, but I wonder if it’s
just because I am younger. I don’t want to say it out loud, I feel a
little lonely and sad that she doesn’t depend on me.

I shouldn’t force her to use my lap as a pillow, so I simply said I
understood and withdrew, but then I got an idea. If she wants to be
older and dependable, why not grant her wish?

I honestly didn’t mean to make a move right away, but there was momentum
here.

Without saying a word, I closed the gap between us and clung to her left
arm, snuggling up to her. I could tell that she was surprised, but with
an obvious face I said “Then, I’ll be spoiled”. Her face went bright red
as she stiffened up. Cute.

She said she imagined this was a way you’d spoil your lover, she was
slightly reluctant as she tilted away, I totally agree with that
assessment.

That’s what I’m trying to do.

“Then, right now I’m your lover.“

I specifically chose my words. If I did this at her school, my desk and
shoes might be gone the next day.

However it seems to have an effect if I go this far, and Shiori-san, who
looked more flustered than ever, was shaking a little. Maybe I overdid
it. Today’s goal was to heal her, so I should give her a break.

“So, what kind of nightmare did you have?”

She tried to skirt around the question at first, but as I persisted, she
relinquished and told me about her dream. It was a dream where I was
killed.

She slowly talked in a pained voice about the gruesome contents, her
hands that were holding my hand were sweaty with cold fingertips.

- –   – Ah, it seems that I’m important to her.

I’m sorry, but despite the situation, I was very happy.

Even though she is hurting so much from a terrible story.

Despite that, her dark circles under her eyes, the coldness on her
finger tips, the sad pitiful voice, knowing all of that was for me made
me feel lovely.

“It’s okay though. You see, because I’m 100% alive.”

I held back the urge to hug her and tighten my grip on the hand I held.

I have to thank Yoko for getting her to come here today. I don’t want to
leave her alone like this. Above all, the only person who could comfort
her now is probably me, because I was the one who was killed in the
dream. I’m okay, I’m fine, saying it was okay. I repeated that, and her
stiff expression softened somewhat.

I thought about what I could do to cheer her up more, when it dawned on
me that it would be better if we went to the spot she dreamed about, and
overwrite that memory with happy uneventful ones. Let’s not only do
that, but also go back to that pancake restaurant. Also try that honey
lemon frappuccino at starducks, we can get drinks together.

It’s not just to hang out with her. . . Okay maybe a little.

“Even if something happens, You will protect me this time, right?”

As I poked her, she didn’t reply easily, from her blank face, it
contorted and gave a pitiful smile. Coupled with the bags under her
eyes, it didn’t make for a pretty expression, but- – -I like this face.
I really like the kind face. A face that became this pathetic for my
sake.

But I have to be strong so that she doesn’t make this kind of face all
the time.

I’m glad that she is trying to protect me. However I don’t want to be
protected all the time either. I want to protect her, and have her
depend on me. I want to be equal.

It’s all wishful thinking, and I haven’t achieved anything in that way
yet, but I will definitely make it happen. If I can do that, I could
confidently say “I love you” to her.

“So what kind of movie do you like?”

She asked.

“Well, I like sci-fi and action movies. We’re going to see them on the
big screen, right?”

After she understood that, she immediately searched for ones on her
phone, when suddenly it hit me.

“Hey, Shiori-san, can you handle horror movies?”

I remembered that fantasy I had in the morning. She stopped her search
and looked up from her phone, her mouth twitched for a moment and her
face stiffened, but said with a beautiful smile, “I’m okay with them.”-
– – -while avoiding looking me in the eyes.

It was just as I had imagined, so cute and funny, I couldn’t hold in my
guttural laughter. Her cheeks puffed out in embarrassment.

Ah, she is really cute. My favorite person is the cutest girl in the
world.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*That was a very cute chapter. It’s nice seeing what Sara was thinking
during this. And hopefully Sara picks up the pace and protects Shiori
from her own doubts.*

*Anyways, I fixed up chapters up to chapter 25, and they weren’t that
bad. It was mainly the first chapter(which is the worst one to be bad)
was bad. The rest are good if not passable. I’ll do them in bunches of
25 and then work on translating.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you Sleffy, this chapter was even more adorable. More to
look forward to, also thank you seungwanderlust, hope it didn’t
disappoint, and Illu.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0032_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0034_Chapter.md)

