[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0045_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0047_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 96: Finale

How long has it been since I ran like this?

Morning when you are about to be late, sports festivals, marathons? I’ve
ran many times, but I don’t remember ever running like this. With this
feeling of total commitment. I wouldn’t say it’s all of my power, but
it’s definitely 70% of my full strength.

Even so, I don’t know why I’m running this much. I am now dripping in
sweat, my forehead is in full view, and the people I pass by follow me
with their eyes.

Running doesn’t change the outcome, and I don’t even know if she is
home. I haven’t even checked on my LAIN message I sent to her before I
left school.

Still, despite that, I couldn’t help but run. If I don’t keep running,
those doubts and unnecessary feelings will pop up. I need to keep the
momentum else my resolve would be dulled.

“Haaah. . . Haaaah. . !”

Once I arrived at the station, I hopped on the train that had just come
onto the platform. The air condition in the cart cooled down my sweaty
body, causing me to shiver a little.

I sat down and was now able to check my smartphone, but there was still
no response from Sara. That was unusual, because she usually doesn’t
take more than ten minutes to reply.

I began to get anxious about whether or not she’d even be there. However
I will cross that bridge when I get there. I have no choice but to push
forward.

As I was rocked by the train, my rough breathing was able to calm, and I
began to look back on my memories with Sara.

Come to think of it, it’s only been four months since we met. The days
have been so dense, so it feels like we have been together much longer
than that.

Before I met Sara I’d just idly go on through my life. Those days were
so boring, but many things have changed since then. Both the environment
that surrounds me and myself.

The past me wouldn’t have even thought about confessing in such a full
sprint.

In the first place, I met Sara half out of curiosity and half because I
wanted to see her up close.

I had only seen her as a character in a game, but now she has become a
dear friend, and the person I love. I didn’t really know where my life
would go next, but I made up my mind to confess. 

The train slowed down as we arrived at our destination. Right as the
doors opened, I vigorously ran through the sparsely populated ticket
gate.

Even though I rested on the train, my feet are already at their limit.
My knees are wobbly, my calves plus thighs are swollen, and I feel like
I’m about to have a cramp.

Even so, run run run, just keep running. Leave behind my weak self, my
fears of confession, all those obstacles, run past them.

(Senpai, you should be more proud of your love, have more confidence!)

While running I remembered the clumsy encouragement from my junior. My
face relaxed. Thank you Koharu. I was able to gather my courage thanks
to you jumping out of the script.

I want to jump out too. Leave it behind!

Right now I’m living my own story instead of enjoying others. I’m not
the sub-heroine, I’m the main character.

I will write a new script, where I am at the center!

And at the end (Shiori Sugimura), who is completely different from the
one written in the original script, would have a happy ending.

The first step is to confess to Sara.

Encouraged by these feelings I wanted to convey, I continued running
down a familiar road. Finally I arrived at Sara’s apartment.

Standing before the auto-lock intercom, I prepared to confess my
feelings, but I wondered if it’d be okay to do it while being soaked in
sweat and stinky. I knew it was pointless now, but I managed to clean up
my appearance and put some deodorant on. That should make it a bit
better.

“Alright!”

I tightly clenched my fist and rang the intercom to Sara’s room. . . . .
There was no response.

“H-Huh?”

No matter how many times I rang it, no response. Come to think of it, my
message was still unread. So perhaps she went out? Even though I came
here with such momentum, this is how it ended? This has to be a joke,
right?

If this were a yuri manga, I would have skipped the intercom pressing
scene and have just met the heroine. Straight into the confession scene.
Burnt onto a double-page spread! That would be nice. I’m sure their B.O
would disappear after turning one page. I’m jealous.

I squatted down on the spot, exhausted now that I’ve been splendidly
thwarted.

Well, what do I do now? Do I just wait for Sara? I don’t even know when
she will be home. Or do I just go home, get dressed, and start over. But
if I did. . . Hmmm. 

I was crouched down before the intercom, wondering what to do.

“Shiroi-san?”

My shoulders jumped up as I was suddenly called out. Before I knew it,
there was someone standing behind me. She had a stuffed eco bag, so she
probably went shopping at the supermarket.

“S-Sara. . .”

“What’s wrong? Why are you squatting? Do you have a stomach ache? Wait,
you are drenched! Are you okay!?”

“Ah, Um, well, That. . . “

She appeared right when I thought my confession had to be postponed. I’m
completely off guard, and I already know I’m bad at surprise attacks.

Thanks to that, my head is completely blank. Sara looked really worried.
I have to say something.

Umm Ummmm.

“I like. . .”

Sara’s eyes widened at the words that I spilled out. Inadvertently my
eyes widened from those words. The pores all over my body suddenly
opened, and that nasty sweat began to drip again.

No no no, I thought I’d say something, but I didn’t.

I skipped so many of my words, going right to important one. I was in a
panic.

“. . .Um, Shiori-san?”

Ahh, now Sara looks confused. It’s written all over her face “What did
you just say?”

If I had the power to redo, I’d just redo it. Still even if it was
careless, I already put it into words. Now I just have to properly
convey it. No confusion.

As I made up my mind, I stood up to face her. Sara stared back with a
tense expression.

“Um, I came here today to confess to you.”

“—!”  
“I like you. I like you as a friend, but that isn’t enough, so I want to
be your lover. That’s what I wanted to tell you.”

Sara’s expression distorted and tears welled up.

In a blink of an eye I had to swallow multiple apologies, such as sorry
for surprising you, or sorry for my feelings. They’d come out if I let
my guard down.

This love, as Koharu said, is something to be proud of. I have nothing
to apologize for.

She didn’t say anything. I just waited for an answer. It was probably
only a minute but it felt like a lifetime.

Before long, Sara took a deep breath and opened her mouth. “Shiori-sa-”
and the door behind her opened, a woman leaving her apartment appeared,
totally interrupting our conversation.

Ahh, geeze, such bad timing! !

The woman passed by us without saying a word. We were both left behind
in silence.

“. . .I can’t calmly talk here, let’s go to my room.”

“Y-Yeah. . .”

This certainly isn’t a place to talk about this. 

We briskly left our spot. We’d usually be happily chatting, but now we
didn’t exchange a single word in the elevator, and soon we arrived at
Sara’s room on the 6th floor.

She opened the front door wide and urged me to enter. So I went inside,
now I felt the tension build up, as finally an answer was coming.

What should I do? I’m more nervous than when exam results come.

My stomach cringed at the sound of her door locking.

“Shiori-san.”

“. . . . .Yes.”

It’s finally here. Looking head on at the serious Sara staring back at
me, I accepted whatever would come. Even though now isn’t the time, just
looking at her makes me fascinated.

Without saying anything, she stepped closer and stretched out her hand,
gently stroking my cheeks. Then- – –

“OOOOOwwww! Sara! It hurtts! !”

She was pinching my cheek.

Despite my teary eyed complaints, she wouldn’t let go, let alone lessen
her force. This is terrible. No matter how much she hates that I
confessed, she doesn’t need to do this.

“I’m really angry.”

“I-I see that.”

“Yeah, do you know what I’m angry about?”

“. . .Because I confesse- Owwwww!”

Apparently I got it wrong, because her other hand came up to my other
cheek and began pinching that side. 

It wasn’t just a normal pinching, she was adding twists, it really hurt.

“What I’m angry about is that you totally ignored my confession
yesterday. And now today you mustered up this courage to confess!?”

“Eh, wait, that was a confession!? I was sure you were just comforting
me— oooowwww!”

“There is no way I’d say those words to comfort you! Geeze! Give me back
my tears!”

“OOOOWWW I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry! ! !”

~ After being fully twisted up, she finally released my cheeks.

Uuu, it hurts. I’m still dazed. . . But that isn’t the point!

“S-So yesterday you confessed, then that means it’s mutual!?”

“. . .Yeah.”

She gave a small voiced reply and nodded. Drop by drop down to my feet,
large tears that I have been holding back began to overflow.

“- – – Sara!”

I couldn’t bear it and just hugged her. She leaned into me without
resisting and buried her face into my shoulder.

“I’m sorry Sara. Even though you summoned up the courage I did the worst
thing possible.”

“Honestly yeah. I would never say something like that to comfort
somebody. . .”

“I know. I hurt you by running away. . . I’m sorry.”

That’s right, I ran away.

At that time I thought her words were a confession. But I sabotaged it,
saying I was just hoping for it. I was afraid that my expectations
wouldn’t be met, so I averted my gaze. 

I wanted to protect her from everything that could hurt her, but in the
end, I ended up hurting her the most.

“. . . Idiot.”

“Yeah.”

“I will never forgive you.”

“. . . Yeah.”

“But if you kiss me, I’ll forgive you just a little.”

After saying that, her eyes met mine with anticipation and anxiety.

Ahh, she is really cute. This maddening love made my chest so tight it
hurt.

“I love you Sara.”

“I love you too.”

I was finally met with a smile as I gently kissed her lips. It was then
I understood.

Kissing is amazing. Touching her amazingly soft lips, in an instant that
was all I could think about. I had no idea it could be this soft just
from yesterday’s momentary kiss.

I reluctantly departed from her lips, opened my eyes to see Sara looking
back at me. She laughed and said “You’re all red.”

“. . . You’re the one that is red.”

“Ehehe, then we are matching.”

Saying that, this time it was Sara that brought her face closer, pushing
her lips onto mine a bit more forceful.

The softness, the warmth, the little bit of suffocation, all made my
head dizzy. This is dangerous. It feels too good that I could only
imagine myself getting addicted to it.

“S-Sara, wait a second. . .!”

I quickly parted from her. Sara anxiously asked “Was it bad?”

“No, quite the opposite. It’s too good, it’s dangerous, I was about to
be ruined by being spoiled. . .”

“-?!?!”

Sara staggered back from me with her mouth covered by both hands. She
then gave a deep sigh. Soon followed with a shake of her head side to
side.

I was completely dumbfounded. Her face was redder than before, and for
some reason she began to scold me, saying “Geeze, this is what I’m
talking about!”

“W-What?”

“Shiori-san, you could be in serious danger in the future if you don’t
become more aware of your sex-appeal!”

“I think I’m aware of it, but. . .”

I am more or less the sexy looking sub-heroine.

I’m pretty aware of it.

“. . . Okay, I understand now. I’ll do my best.”

“Eh, what do you mean “do your best” ?”

“I will take good care of Shiori-san. Ah, sorry for pinching you
earlier.”

After saying that she lightly kissed my cheek.

The sound it made was rather cute. I wanted to return the favor by
kissing her cheek, but I ended up wanting to cry because the only sound
it made was sloppy and weird.

Man, I don’t want to show how clumsy I am now! Look, she is laughing at
me! Her shoulders are even trembling! !

“Fufufu, we’ll have plenty of practice.”

“Uuuu, Let’s do our best. . .”

While smiling, I tightly embraced her once more.

I will also take good care of you. I won’t run away nor hurt you
anymore. I will never worry you again. I love you, and I will properly
express that. I’m going to face it head on.

“From now on, please treat me well, as your girlfriend.”

I embraced this girl who went from just being my favorite character, to
now being my beloved lover. I swore this time I would do everything to
protect my dearest girlfriend.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN:

*New chapter wooo. I just came out yesterday at midnight. So I had to
get it out as fast as possible. This isn’t the last one, there is STILL
AN EPILOGUE, and I’ll get to translating that. I won’t rush it as much
as I did this one.*

*Sorry for no real updates, I honestly got lucky once I got caught up,
because a lot of things happened irl. So I became really occupied, and
then when I was free I had a hard time finding a new story(all my
planned leads ended up with nothing. So back to square one), so I was
just fixing past chapters.*

*Also I want to apologize because for some reason, some comments got
caught in pending. I don’t know why. But they were really nice comments
and I appreciate them, so thank you everybody for sharing.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you sleffy for the continued support, I hope the wait was
worth it, and I hope what I find could live up to this story even a
little. Thank you H U, I agree, but I think the frustration was worth it
after seeing the resolution. Thank you seungwanderlust. Hope you liked
it. And InaneAntics, I hope we got there in time. I was close to having
it burst too.  Thank you everybody!*

*See You guys later on the final chapter of this story. In a few days.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0045_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0047_Chapter.md)

