[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0047_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0049_Chapter.md)



# Extra 1: A Kiss of Happiness (Sara’s POV) (1)

“Mmm, I want more.”

After several kisses, this cute girl begged me. Greedily asking me with
a body overflowing of sex-appeal, it’s a lethal combo. 

I know she isn’t like me, she only wants kisses, while I want more. I
know because she is only looking at my lips.

- –   – However.

“Shiori-san. . !”

No matter how much I want to just cherish her, there is a limit.

Is there anybody who could resist a lover after they hit you with such
violet sex appeal? If so, I respect their steel resolve. 

I hungirly put my lips to hers, following the momentum I pushed her down
onto the sofa.

There was no resistance. From time to time a lustrous voice leaked out
from her, it was paralyzing me down to my core.

“Mnn, ha, Sara. . .”

A pained voice from her made me come to my senses. With a debauched
expression on her face and moist eyes, breathing heavily she looked up
at me. Ah, no. There is no way I can endure this. Or perhaps I don’t
need to. After all, we’re already lovers.

“. . .Is it alright?”

I touched her cheek and boldly asked, to which she gave a gentle smile
and nodded.

After receiving the okay we continued and- – –

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

The alarm from my phone woke me up. Dragging me out of my dream back to
reality.

“. . .I was so close.”

I grudgingly turned off the alarm after being thrown out, burying my
face into my pillow I tried to chase that moment.

Would I be able to continue my dream if I sleep right now? I want to see
it continue for another 30 minutes, at least 15 minutes.

Unfortunately, regardless of my wish, I was completely awake. I had no
chance of returning to the dream world.

“Hahh, Why did I have to wake up right when it was getting good?”

With a sluggish noise I got up from my bed. 

I know it isn’t that simple, but I feel her presence, and I’m very
reluctant to part with it. Even though the heat in my bed is only mine
alone.

I understand that this morning’s dream is a complete manifestation of my
own desires. It feels pretty greedy to have that kind of dream despite
us only dating for less then a week.

At the beginning of our relationship I declared I would cherish her, but
my true intentions were this naughty. Of course I will take care of her,
I want to love her dearly. I want to love her earnestly.

“Of all days to have that kind of dream, it had to be today.”

Looking at today’s date on the calendar, I see “Firework date” circled
with flowers around it. At first I only wrote fireworks, but then
encircled it with flowers and added “date” following the happiness from
us dating. 

A first date for us, a firework display date, and wearing yukata. This
kind of thing will for sure make your heart flutter, but now I’ll
definitely be conscious of that dream!

“Ahh, Shiori-san is an idiot!”

I drank my morning water to dry my parched throat, and cursed her
despite her not being here.  

She is partially to blame, because she is always inciting me.
Unconsciously of course! Naturally of course!

Even though we’ve only been dating for a few days, we’ve been seeing
each other everyday, such as when she is on her way home from club
activities, or when she takes a day off and spends the whole day here.

I am happy, but the problem is she is surprisingly obsessed with kissing
me. No, I want to kiss her too, that isn’t the problem.

The biggest problem is Shiori-san’s reaction right after a kiss!

We’ve kissed so many times, but each time it’s the same thing. Right
after the kiss, she blushes and smiles happily as if it was the first
time we kissed.

It’s really bad! I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been turned on by
this girl. The girl who despite exuding a vicious sexuality, has the
purity of a child.

“It’s too soon, too soon. . . Shiori-san is too pure. I have to proceed
slowly.”

Don’t be in a hurry, don’t be greedy, take the proper steps, and have a
healthy fireworks date.

Currently the time is 8:15. Shiori-san is coming in the afternoon so I
have some time left.

By then my head would have cooled, and this hot face would have gone
away.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“Good morning, Sara.”

Shiori-san greeted me with a cheerful smile, her smile is as beautiful
as always. It’s very hot outside, and we have air conditioning inside,
despite that, when I’m around her it is always comfortably warm like a
pleasant spring heat.

Or perhaps this is also a side effect of me being a pervert. 

She took off her shoes and approached me, then kissed me on the cheek. 
Perhaps as a result of her “training” it doesn’t sound as clumsy as the
first time, but she still seems dissatisfied by the rough kiss sound,
regardless it’s also cute.

As for me, it’s fine for her to use my cheek as practice as much as she
likes. It seems that she decided to take on that challenge everyday, but
she always does a second kiss, this time on the lips.

Even though she’d only kiss me like a western greeting, the reaction
after is always pure, it also makes me agonize.

“Shiori-san, aren’t you used to it yet?”

“Um, I’m used to it. . . Alittle.”

Ah, yeah, so cute.

My sinful desires are being restlessly stimulated, but I can’t act on
such a pure person.

I gave her a quick peck to get her more used to it, and stubbornly told
her “Geeze, get familiar with it!”, but it seems like it will take a bit
longer.

I want her to get used to it quickly. While I am able to still “wait”.

“The fireworks display starts at 7:30, right?”

“Yeah, but it will be really hard getting in once the event starts, so
let’s go early and visit the nearby night market.”

“Yea, I want to eat takoyaki!”

“Me too. So let’s leave around 4:00?”

“Alright-”

Even considering the prep time, we still had some time left. We could
relax and drink tea on the sofa like usual, but now the distance between
us is a little closer than before, it feels somewhat ticklish.

I thought that girls dating each other wouldn’t really change much
between them, other than kissing and doing other naughty things, but it
turns out to be completely different than I imagined. The distance
between us, the atmosphere around us when we talk, the warmth when our
eyes suddenly meet, the euphoria when I’m just with her.

“Come to think of it, you aren’t wearing a yukata.”

I was sure she’d be wearing one, so I was a little disappointed when I
opened the door only to see her in her normal clothes.

“I’d be worn out if I had to wear it so early, plus I don’t want it to
be wrinkled up later. So I thought I’d change my clothes here. I put it
in a paper bag.”

“Ah, I see. Then are you going to stop by here?”

“If it doesn’t bother you I’d like that.”

“Of course you can.”

It’s not a nuisance, it’s a gift. That way I can spend a lot of time
with Shori-san. We wouldn’t need to part at the crowded station.

She smiled and replied saying “Alright.”

“I just thought this way I’d be able to spend more time with you.”

My girlfriend is too cute when she speaks so openly!

I see now, so this is Shiori-san when we are going out. She is beginning
to show her true feelings now, which are just so sweet and cute. I’m
surprised that she hid this face for so long. Of course it’s a pleasant
surprise.

“I was thinking the same thing.”

When I told her I felt the same, her face loosened and she smiled like a
child. It’s unfair. Even though she’s older than me, and she is usually
pretty solid, how can she be this cute?

As if to cover up this overflowing love I gave her a surprise kiss, her
lips were soft and incredibly sweet as I held my own to her’s. It was as
if they were sucking me in.

Ahh, As I thought, I haven’t gotten used to it either. Just one kiss
fills my heart with happiness.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Author’s Note:

The main story is over, from here on it will be the story of them
dating.

You may be surprised by the gap from the main story, now that it is so
sweet. So hopefully you will enjoy it.

Thank you for reading.

If you’d like, I would appreciate impressions, bookmarks, and ratings.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*TN:*

*I didn’t expect I’d see the sequel so soon. Um, I didn’t know where to
put these chapters, so I just categorized them as volume 2.*

*This is still on the same page of the original story, but it has the
name “I was Reincarnated as a side heroine in a Yuri game, and my
favorite character became my lover!” I felt like it’d be too confusing
if I just changed the name or added a new story. It is still written on
the same page as the other, so I’ll just name this new story on the
top(volume 2). Was thinking of maybe changing the title to the new one
and still posting it on the old novel update page, but novel update’s
bot might do some weird stuff, which is out of my control.*

*On another note, I am still looking for another story to translate in
between the wait time of new chapters for this story. It is tough, I’ve
been through dozens and dozens of stories but still no luck. The lead I
had before fell flat. Some of the suggestions were good, but none really
clicked. Sorry. Choosing a story is tough, it’s a big commitment, and
also finding a story that can come after this one. It’s hard to find one
to live up to this one. Ah, well. Will still look.*

*Like if you did*

*Also thank you everybody that donated. Rei and Seungwanderlus, really
appreciate it.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0047_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0049_Chapter.md)

