[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0050_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0052_Chapter.md)



# Extra 4: A Christmas for Two (Sara’s POV)

My Mama loves Christmas.

Once November hits, just around the time Christmas merchandise would
start appearing in stores, she’d happily buy all sorts of festive items.
She’d decorate the whole house, bake Stollen, prepare holiday cards
along with presents, plus also thoroughly plan out all of our Christmas
plans. And then on Christmas day, our tables would be full with
traditional Holiday Swedish dishes. 

Among those traditions, one in particular always excited me was our
handmade advent calendar.

From the 1st to the 24th of December, you open a calendar box each day
and get a sweet or holiday card, and sometimes a little extra pocket
money. 

The frustration from only being able to open one a day, and the
excitement that comes the next morning when you get to open a new box.
That was my favorite part of Christmas. 

When I still lived with her, I began to get more tired with the
tradition and was less excited about it. However now that we are apart I
feel nostalgic for it.

It’s currently Saturday, it’s been a few days since I’ve told my
girlfriend, Shiori-san, this story. Now she has visited me with large
paper bags in each hand. 

“I brought what I could, so this will have to do for now.”

She pulled out a table sized Christmas tree, and plenty of decorations
for the house. It was apparent that the decorations had been gathering
dust in her closet for many years.

According to her, the Sugimura family once worked hard to decorate the
whole house when they were still kids. Although if you look closely, you
can tell that there are some new ornaments recently bought. 

“I got my mother’s permission to take out our decorations, so if you are
okay with it. Would you like to help me decorate?”

“Let’s do it!”

Today we took a break from studying and decorated my room to its
fullest.

Set up a tree and accessorized it, set up Santa and Tomte dolls all
around, plus hung up a Christmas wreath on the front door. On the side
table by the bed, we set up pictures of Christmas angels, and snowball
decorations.

Snowflake stickers were posted along the windows, and a little fat Santa
Claus was trying his best to climb up the curtain rail. With his tiny
legs dangling off he was very cute, it’s my favorite ornament we set up.

It’s been two hours since we’ve begun, and my room is completely decked
out for Christmas. 

“It’s amazing! So Christmassy!”

“It feels really festive doesn’t it?”

“Yup, and it’s all thanks to Shiori-san. Thank you!”

I couldn’t help but smile as I looked around my room, which had suddenly
become so red and green.

Even though I would do the same with my Mama every year, with Shiori-san
doing something this simple makes it feel special. I wonder if I’m just
that easy.

“It’s still a bit early for a thank you.”

“Eh?”

“Yeah, we haven’t set up the advent calendar yet. We need to have one
right?”

“E-hh!?”

With a smug look, digging to the bottom of her paper bag, she pulled out
an advent calendar with small boxes for its dates.

The way she did that reminded me of Santa handing out presents to
children. The lyrics of “My Lover is Santa Claus” reverberated in my
head.

Anyways, the advent calendar is really cute. With each date box having
its own unique Christmas like drawing. Isn’t Shoiri-san spending too
much on me? It had to have cost a lot, not just for the box itself, but
also each date’s contents. 

As cautiously asked, she merely laughed it off. Saying “What do you
mean?”

“I also thought they’d be expensive, but these days, even 100 円 stores
and general marts sell cute ones that are also cheap.”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah, the contents themselves aren’t anything special. So just relax
and don’t worry about it.”

“Yeah, be happy. Thank you!”

My girlfriend is the ideal girlfriend.

I don’t usually feel like there is a large age gap between us, but
sometimes I truly feel like she is my senior. In other words, her
consideration skills are remarkable, she manages to pin down what makes
people happy, and then takes care of them without overdoing it.

“Well, um why don’t you open up one now? It’s already December 2nd, so
you have two days worth.”

“Oh Yeah! Okay then, let’s open up day \#1.”

After saying that I excitedly opened up the first box window, in there I
found a folded card and a marshmallow.

I quickly took out the card and read it, then looked towards Shiori-san
as if to make sure I read it right.

Perhaps she was looking forward to my reaction, because she had a smile
as if it was a prank and it had just succeeded. She then uttered with a
smile “Soo, what do you think?”.

The card was a written invitation to a Christmas Eve party held at the
Sugimura home. 

“We don’t do alot for Christmas. It will just be cake, fried chicken,
and my mother’s cooking, but if you’d like, why don’t you spend your
Christmas with us? It’d be just like the time you stayed over.”

“Would that be okay? For me to join your family gathering?”

“Yeah of course it’s okay. My mother would also be really happy about
it. I think if you do come, her food would taste better than usual that
day.”

“. . .Thank you, I’m looking forward to it.”

Every year I’d spend Christmas happily with my family. Did she notice
that I was actually feeling a little lonely?

My parents did want to actually come back for Christmas, but
unfortunately that wasn’t possible. I also shot down the idea of me
going overseas to see them- – –  Because I wanted to be with my
girlfriend.

“Also you know, um. . . We’re planning on becoming a family in the
future so um, think of this as just being a little ahead of schedule. .
.”

Despite her being in ideal calm girlfriend mode, since she began saying
that, she returned to the always cute and bashful Shiori-san.

Ideal girlfriend mode is nice, but I think I like this Shiori-san more.

“Thank you, I’m excited for it. Oh yeah, could I also open the 2nd box?”

“Sure, go ahead.”

I opened the box with the gingerbread illustration on it, to find a
chocolate chip cookie and another card.

I left the cookie for now and instantly read the card. I turned to
Shiori-san as fast as I could. What’s changed now is before she was
smiling as she watched me, now she is looking away with her pale face
now as red as a tomato.

“Do you have something to say?”

“. . . It’s nice for you to spend Christmas with my family, but I also
want you to spend Christmas with your lover.”

“Ahaha, I love it when you’re honest!”

I hugged her tightly as she was still too shy to make eye contact. She
hugged me back although with a dissatisfied expression, muttering “This
isn’t what I imagined. . . “

Yeah, perhaps if you weren’t red like a boiled tomato it would’ve turned
out like you had imagined. However she is just too cute, it is
impossible, too impossible.

The message on the card said “Would you like to spend the 25th with just
me?” 

My heart was fluttering when she showed her desire to just have a lively
Christmas with just us. My girlfriend’s small possessiveness was hidden
in plain sight, knowing that made me feel fuzzy inside. 

“Soo?”

“You know the answer, it will always be a YES!”

We’ll eat cake together in the room we just decorated together. I don’t
mind cooking, but I’d be happy if we could do it together as usual.

However I am sorry for one thing. I’m sure I’ll be pent up from the
sleepover the day before, so I’ll want to eat you up after the cake.

However, this is a lover’s Christmas, isn’t it?

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Author notes’

Long time no see. I’m still alive.

Thank you for always reading. I hope everyone has a wonderful
Christmas. 

Like if you did and I’d appreciate it if you give impressions,
bookmarks, rating, etc.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*TN:*

*NOOO I want more! Ah well, it’s nice to read or see the character again
after 10 months. I forgot how much I liked them. Hopefully we get more
next year. Or perhaps a new story from the author.*

*On another note. Sorry for the lack of new stories, I simply lost my
motivation for right now. Translating this chapter was fun, and I will
always translate new chapters if/when they come. However for new stories
it’s simply on pause until I sorta feel like it. So sorry for anybody
that cared, or looked forward to it.*

*Anyways, Hope you’all also had a wonderful holiday season, and will
have a happy new year!*

*Also “*My Lover is Santa Claus” or “Koibito ga Santa Claus” is a
reference to a classic Japanese song.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0050_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0052_Chapter.md)

