[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0053_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0055_Chapter.md)



# Extra 7: \[R18+\] (3)

The following day my mother sent me off with lukewarm eyes.

I wonder why? 

I have a feeling that she probably found out. I haven’t told her that
Sara and I started dating yet, so I don’t know how she would find out
from me simply asking to sleepover!? Is it because I took that long bath
yesterday!?

It’s pretty embarrassing realizing that my mother knows what I’m
planning today.

I arrived at Sara’s house with an uneasy feeling. The tension about what
would happen next was palpable. I was greeted with a radiant smile,
however- – – there was this feeling of awkwardness around us. 

“Welcome. I’m looking forward to spending the whole day with you!”

“Yeah me too.”

I wonder if I’m just being overly conscious, because even our greeting
kiss somehow felt like there was something more to it.

No no, I won’t make it to the night if I’m this nervous. I must stay
firm while the sun is still out.

“Ah, what would you like for dinner? We had Gyoza for our last
sleepover, how about we make something more elaborate tonight?”

Like stuffed cabbage, pork miso soup, or cream croquettes. It would take
some time to cook well. At least in my previous life I have never cooked
them, so it could take a bit to learn, but I bet it will be quicker with
the 

two of us.

Sara refused to meet my eyes after hearing my suggestion, instead
looking sidelong and saying.

“I’ve already prepared dinner, we just need to heat it up.” she
elaborated.

“Chicken and tomato soup. We only have to press the cook button on  the
cooker . . .”

But we always cook togther! I swallowed those words before they came out
of my mouth.

Basically, she wants to speed up dinner, so we can go to bed quicker.
And then I guess I’m the dessert? Okay- she is much more serious about
this than I expected, I don’t know how to react!

“T-Thank you. It sounds delicious.”

“Um, I just wanted to make it.”

Okay, maybe I’m just imagining it then!

As if to clear our other worldly desires, We sat down as usual and
earnestly studied as usual. We then ate the dinner Sara had already
prepared. To be honest, my mind was so preoccupied, I couldn’t even
taste the food.

I was so inflexibly nervous, despite that Sara was so calm. At the start
I thought she was a little nervous, but halfway through she simply went
back to normal.

It’s weird, I am the older one. This is my second playthrough of life.
Why am I the one freaking out?

As we washed the dishes together, Sara turned to me and said.

“Oh, that’s right. Shall we take a bath together?”

“—-!!!!”

I dropped the spoon I was washing.

“Pfft–, fufu aren’t you a bit too tense?”

“W-Wha, that’s because of your surprise attack!”

“Is that so? Okay, then I’ll make it direct.”

Direct? Before I could ask, with an ever intensifying mischievous smile,
she took a big step closer to me as I turned, with my back to the sink
she placed both her hands besides each of my sides. I was trapped
between her arms. My heart began to race as I felt the sudden heat of
her body.

“S-Sara. . .”

“Well, I’m inviting you to take a bath with me.”

She said with a bright smile, without even waiting for my answer, she
kissed me.

Somewhere along the line I had a hunch this would happen, I probably
should have expected this. Perhaps I was hoping for it.

She put her arms around me and had me look at her. My back was against
the sink as our kisses continued. She poured all her desire into it,
pecking many times, before eventually her soft tongue slowly crept in my
mouth, as if it was asking for my permission.

“Mmm. . .”

Sara’s body twitched in response to my own leaked moan. Chasing after
the tongue which started to withdraw, I extended my tongue as well, and
it was again entangled.

“Mmm. . . Ah. . .”

As our feelings grew within the kiss, my own body began to tremble.

Her kiss was gentle yet intense. How does she know how to kiss so deeply
despite never having the experience?

I wonder if Sara was feeling as good as I was. The subtle sighs that
would escape were quite seductive, and it sounded like she was quite
aroused.

Before I knew it, my insecurities were pushed aside as the deep, long
passionate kiss continued. Her arms had wrapped around my waist to
support me.

“Mmm. . . . Sara, geez. . .”

I pushed her shoulder a bit as my body was beginning to ache, I wasn’t
sure I could go any further. After a reluctant kiss, she hugged me
tightly and whispered close to my ear.

“Well then, let’s take a bath together.”

“- – -!!”

So close her lips almost touched, I lost my balance after that. I knew I
was being reckless, but I never imagined it’d end up like this. If she
hadn’t been holding me, I might have fallen.

A bath. . . Come to think of it, that was what we were talking about.
Our makeout session completely made me forget.

“Well, can we?”

She then gave my ear a soft peck, it was like she was playing a dirty
trick. Hey that’s totally what she was doing. Seriously, where did she
learn these special moves?

“. . . No can do.”

“Eh, Why!?!”

She probably didn’t think I’d turn her down, because she pulled away and
looked at me with genuine shock.

I’m sorry, but she must have really thought going with the flow would be
okay. – – – However it’s not okay.

“If we take a bath together, I feel like we won’t make it to the bed.”

“Eh, Ah. . . Um.”

“And I want our first time to be in bed. . .” 

I gently buried my face into her shoulder and begged her as sweetly as I
could. I heard a gulp.

“O-Okay. Then, Shiori-san goes first.”

“Alright, thank you~.”

Now that I got the okay, I ended it with something I read in a book
once.

“We’ll continue this later ♥” and kissed her on the cheek and left her
there.  “Ahh~ come on!!” Sara collapsed into her knees on the spot and
exclaimed.

She hid her face between her thighs, but I could see her ears were
bright red. It was a bullseye.

“Shiori-san, you really are doing that! That’s exactly what I’m talking
about.”

“Um, I just wanted to play a little too.” 

“That’s even worse! Fine then, you better prepare for what happens next!
It was you that started this after all!”

“Ehh-?”

Not at all, you were the one to kiss and tease me in the first place. I
grabbed my bag full of clothes and meekly headed towards the bathroom.

Oh yeah. I was feeling pretty pumped today, so I brought the sexiest
underwear and nightwear I own. Even though I say sexy, I’m still a high
school student, so i don’t mean anything overly erotic, but somewhere
between a baby doll and negligee is the sexy I was shooting for. But I
will be the one wearing it, and I will say that it will be devastating.
I’m going to live up to the sexy character name.

I wonder how she will react when I walk out wearing this? I’m excited
but also a little scared about it.

“Well, judging by how she is now, I think she will be happy.”

Tonight I’ll be in her arms.

I’ll be completely naked, sharing my body and mind. Giving everything to
her. Of course I’m anxious about it, but my excitement far outweighs my
fears.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Ooooo, it’s finally happening. This was fun and a bit weird to
translate, I’m sure the next one will be even more interesting. *

*Like if you did*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0053_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0055_Chapter.md)

