[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0054_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0056_Chapter.md)



# Extra 8: \[R18+\] (4)

“I’m done~.”

As I dressed up into my ultimate weapon, I called out to the waiting
Sara in the living room. “Okaaaa. . .?” The moment she turned towards me
her words were cut off, she froze. Yes yes, I know. I was also quite
surprised when I saw myself in the mirror. Combined with the fact I had
just gotten out of the bath, I believe I was making a massive impact on
her.

Approaching the speechless girl, I grabbed her shoulder straps, and
asked, “So, how does it look . . ?” Her face instantly went red, her
eyes roamed back and forth between my chest and thighs. 

“It’s a bit embarrassing if you don’t say anything.”

“I-It really suits you! It fits so well I’m kinda troubled.”

“Fufu, Thank you. I’m happy I can properly seduce you.”

“Seduce me. . . you are always doing that, geeze. Well, I’m also going
to take a bath, so just wait a minute for me. . . in bed.”

With those words, Sara quickly passed by me. Her ears are all red, but
she was getting a proper counter attack on me. There was something
naughty about telling me to wait on the bed, it made my heart flutter.

I sat on the bed as told, and waited, but I couldn’t calm down.

Come to think of it, what do we do about the lights? Wouldn’t it be
embarrassing to do it with the lights on? However I really want to burn
the sight of Sara’s beautiful body into my memory. Although she will
also be the one getting a full view of me.

I tried various options with the remote control for the lights, I
finally settled on the night light. It wasn’t impossible to see, but it
wouldn’t be possible to clearly see everything.

While I was thinking about the lights, the sound of the hair dryer in
the bathroom stopped, a few seconds later I heard her tiny footsteps
reach the entrance of the room, the door slowly opened.

“. . .Sorry for the wait.”

“No problem.”

In the darkened room, lit only by a pale orange light, Sara closed the
door behind her. With confident steps she came close enough for our
knees to touch, I looked up to see hunger in her eyes.

Uh, maybe she has been holding back for a bit too long. Or perhaps I
simply provoked her too much.

The hand I stopped her with a couple days ago gently grasped her own
hand, signaling the “Wait” was over. She quickly began the meal and
instantly brought up her hand to kiss my finger as she gazed into my
eyes, those green eyes were lit with lust.

“. . .Idiot.”

After that she pushed me down and covered my lips with her own. 

Lying on top of me, licking, touching, pecking my lips. There was no
hesitation, no patience like the first time I was pushed down, I could
feel her desire to fully enjoy this, and she had no intention of
stopping.

The day before yesterday, after that regretful night. I decided on doing
two things.

Number 1 was to fully respond to her feelings.

Number 2 was to not hide my own feelings, no matter how embarrassing.

“Mnn. . .  Sara, more. . .”

Her lips felt hot, her touch felt amazing. My body was tingling, I
wanted to go faster, go further.

I don’t care if it is because I’m a sub-heroine in a yuri game and am
therefore super sensitive. All that matters right now is that I want
Sara, badly.

“Haa, Shiori-san seems different today.”

“Do you not like me like this?”

“No, – – – I love it.”

She covered my mouth once more, and that conversation was cut short. Her
lips kissed my cheek, licked up my neck, and even gently bit it. 

I trembled in confusion from how my body was getting hotter and hotter
from each move she made, it was as if her touch was fire. She suddenly
took my earlobe into her mouth, making me shriek in response.

It feels good no matter where she touches, but perhaps my ears are
particularly sensitive. She noticed this, as her lips, which had slowly
been roaming around, are now solely focused on my ear.

Once she had it before her mouth, she tried various things, like tracing
the edge with the tip of her tongue, licking the underside, and each
time I did react. I was being toyed with. She was chasing me around with
this pleasure.

“. I just might lick your ears all night long.”

“Wha . . . Idiot, are you trying to just torment me?”

“Uh, maybe?”

“Well my ears feel good but. . . why don’t you touch me here?”

I took her right hand, which was beside me, and guided it to my
plentiful chest. Sara gulped.

I wonder if this is seduction. I loved reading about it happening in
books, but I felt it would be deathly embarrassing if I did it myself.

I would never do something like this under normal circumstances. However
I decided not to hide my desire to be touched.

“I want to touch them.”

“Well, then touch them plenty.”

I wasn’t wearing a bra from the start. Her hands began slowly at first,
as if she was checking the size and softness through the thin fabric I
wore.

Gentle at first, but it didn’t take long for her to get bolder. As she
sunk her fingers in, scooping, she murmured. “They’re huge.” in
admiration.

Even though she was just doing that, I was still enjoying the sensation.
It was like a child playing with clay, it was so cute.

“. . .Aaah!”

A sudden touch sent electricity through my body from the center of my
boob.

While I was surprised, her fingers didn’t stop. They rubbed, flicked,
and pinched my tip through the fabric, occasionally pressing and rolling
it. My breath quickened just from the way her fingertips did as they
pleased.

Of course it didn’t end there. The moment the thin shoulder straps
holding the fabric up were untied, my exposed pink peak was taken into
her mouth, I let out a deductive voice I didn’t believe I could make.

Once she found a weak spot, she targeted it, and her technique was
typical of her straightforwardness. She used her tongue and fingers to
attack my small erect nipple, again and again.

I shut my eyes tightly and attempted to withhold the pleasure, but it
was too much to bear.

It’s a lie that big breasts aren’t sensitive, who on earth thought that?
It felt so good I couldn’t understand what was happening.

“S,o . . . good. . .”

“Mmm, I’m happy.”

With a slurping noise, she sucked my extremely sensitive tip, my back
arched reflexively.

 I felt a sense of shame in offering my breast to her, it was as if I
was begging, however my body was reacting on its own.

Out of curiosity I opened my eyes slightly to see her expression, our
eyes met as she buried her face in my boob. She rolled the tip of my
nipple between her tongue, as if to show off to me, and her sensual
smile sent shivers down my spine.

Ah, what a face she was making. I want to be more connected with her. I
wanted every inch of my body to be hers. Even the clothes we have on get
in the way of that.

“Hey, take off your clothes.”

“Eh?”

Sara looked up from my breast after hearing my request, and tilted her
head. I was starting to get out of breath, so it was a good time to take
a break regardless.

“Sara, you’re the only one fully covered, it isn’t fair.”

“Ah, that’s right.”

Looking down to see my bare breast and belly button exposed, Sara
chuckled softly. Then she said she understood and took off her shirt
without hesitation.

Her beautiful white skin dazzled in the dimly lit room. I couldn’t help
but stare at the unique beauty of a body that has not yet fully matured.

Sara is now completely naked, and urges me to fully take off my clothes
as well, so I took off everything else I was wearing down to my feet.
Right as I took the last fabric off, she hugged me tightly and pushed me
down once more.

“. . .Shiori-san, you have such a sexy body.”

Is she talking about my figure or how sensitive it is? Both would fit
that assessment.

There are no clothes separating us now as she kisses me even more
excitedly than before, our breast touches, and pressed together. It
surprisingly felt really nice.

I wonder how the removal of just two layers of fabric can create such a 
difference.

“You’re even sexier out of those lewd clothes, it’s unfair.”

My body reacted as she gently stroked my sides down to the base of my
legs. Her breath touching me made my hips sway.

“Hmm. . . I’m going to be even more lewd with your hands on me now.”

“That would be amazing, but scary. I’d drown.”

“It won’t be scary, cause we are together.”

I entangled my bare legs between hers, and rubbed our lower bodies
together, the thigh that touched her precious spot felt wet.

That was a good sign she was feeling it too. I was so happy that I
gently ran my finger across her slightly sweaty back, and she responded
with a  cute puppy-like voice, however she quickly caught my naughty
hands.

“It’s my turn now, so you can’t touch me.”

“Wah?”

“It’s my first time, so I need to concentrate on what I’m doing.”

“Okay, I give up.”

That ended the short intermission.

As if she was going down a list of all my spots, her lips touched my
own, then ear, neck, and breast. However this time she kept going
further down, to my stomach, waist, and to my inner thigh. She sucked
hard when she got there, I quickly realized she just left me a hickey.
With a satisfied expression, she gazed between my open legs. I had mixed
feelings, a mixture of embarrassment, frustration, and anticipation. I
was about to go crazy.

Stop teasing me, just hurry up and touch the precious place. I could
tell that it had been throbbing with every movement she made, eagerly
waiting in line for it.

“. . . Is it okay?”

She said to me with a serious expression.

There was no need to ask. I nodded after hearing what I’ve been waiting
for, and her fingertips gently touched my most tender spot. Slowly she
began to move.

“- – -Tss, Ahh. . . !”

Her fingers moved gently, almost not touching, she was tracing my
entrance. It was simply that, but it was weird?

Like it felt completely different from when I do it myself.

Her soft fingers would scoop up my nectar, and trace it around as if she
was spreading it, and every time her short nails brushed against it my
body would tremble involuntarily.

“Yaah. . .Mnn, Ah. . .”

“Does it feel good?”

“Good. . . It feels good. . .mmm.”

Even though it was her first time, how did she find my weak spots so
quickly? The pleasure she was giving me just from her fingers made my
reason melt away.

I couldn’t contain my lewd noises, or the movement of my hips, and all I
could do was follow the direction of her fingers to chase feeling even
better.

Her loving touch eventually found a sensitive spot hidden a little
further in, and that ended any hope for reason.

“Oh, you like it there don’t you?”

She hit the sweet spot and nodded to herself. “I thought so.” happily
saying as she continued to stimulate me, slowly, gently and yet
merciless.

Unlike what I could do, her dexterous fingers slowly spread to unknown
places, bringing new sensations, and I was gradually pushed to a higher
level. All I could hear was our heavy breathing, my moans, and the sound
of moisture. They all blended together and just as I was reaching my
peak, she suddenly stopped.

“. . .Hahh, why did you stop?”

“Because if I keep touching you there it will just be over.”

“That’s true but. . .”

She kissed my dissatisfied belly and said.

“However I want your “First time ”. . .” 

Her fingertips were angled straight against my entrance, which by this
point was completely moistened by my nectar, finally I understood.

My face became really hot.

“Tell me if it hurts, okay?”

“. . . Okay.”

Kupri\* her slender finger sank in.

Slowly and carefully her straight forward finger continued their
journey, but surprisingly it didn’t hurt. There was only an
itchy/uncomfortable sensation and that feeling of pressure. It wasn’t a
strong stimulation that would make me gasp or writhe the moment it’s
inserted like I’ve read many times in yuri books.

I’ve heard that for some it doesn’t feel very good their first time, and
I thought this could be the case for me, so I felt relieved but also a
little disappointed. Then Sara briefly called out, “I’m going to move,
okay?”

“Aaaaahhh, mm, aahh. . .”

As soon as she slowly pulled out, and the tip of her finger rubbed
against my inside wall, my brief respite came to an end.

It was unthinkable. The pleasure was equal to the sensation before,
perhaps even greater, it surged through the depths of my body.

Come to think of it, in the game, Shiori had writhed in pleasure when
she had her first time. There would be no world where I, somebody who
shares the same body, could be dull there.

Sara must have a keen sense. How she observed my reaction before, when
she teased my ears, breast, and other sensitive areas, and drove me wild
by hitting all the right spots.

It was the same even now. Just a slight bending of the finger made my
hips sway lasciviously, and she rubbed me round and round, I nearly lost
consciousness.

“Mmmmam, Ah, Sara, ah. . .m mm.”

The pleasure was so strong I had to grab the sheet beside me.

Hot. Amazing.

No I Can’t. Just a little more- – –

“Shiori-san. . .”

“Ah, ah, ahhhh. . !!”

The moment she firmly brought out her finger, a strong wave of emotion
swept over me, and everything went white before my eyes.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*Hello, I don’t know what to say about this chapter. They had sex, good
for them. It was an interesting translation task to do, and was quite
fun trying to find ways to make the point carry over to english. *

*Anyways sorry it was a bit late. IRL stuff along with it just being a
long chapter led to a delay. There is still more to translate though, so
expect the next chapter in like 3-7 days.*

*Like if you did.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0054_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0056_Chapter.md)

