[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0055_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0057_Chapter.md)



# Extra 9: \[R18+\] (5)

My body was still weak in my afterglow. Plus recalling the many lewd
acts we did and how I writhed in pleasure, made me weak in a different
way than before.

I decided not to hold back my feelings, but thinking back, perhaps I
should’ve held back a little. Like, I led her to my breast, and begged
for it many times. I also should’ve kept my voice down. . . But I
couldn’t hold it in.

Anyway, I was getting too needy, even I was shocked. I feel so
embarrassed that I can’t look her in the eye.

Now I can understand very well how the heroines feel when they crawl out
of bed right after the act. I would do the same if I could, but
unfortunately since Sara was holding me from behind I can’t escape.

“Have you calmed down? Are you feeling better?”

“Yeah, I’m fine. Thank you.”

Although I am mentally in shambles.

Also the only thing that had calmed down was my breathing, my body is
still hot, and it’s sensitive and sweetly throbbing. Just being held
like this makes me happy, but it was also a bit difficult.

“Thank goodness. I was worried I might have gotten too carried away.”

“Not at all. You were always so gentle.”

“I see, I’m glad then.”

Her arms tightened around me.

It just occurred to me that perhaps she was also nervous. This was the
first time we had both made love like this. I didn’t even understand
myself, so how could she possibly know my body?

Her hands were tender from start to finish. She loved me with endless
care.

“Um. . . It felt really good.”

“Really!”

“Yeah, it felt so good. . . I’m sorry I was so loud.”

“Ah, I think it will be fine. This apartment is in the corner, the room
above is empty, also the old lady who lives below is hard of hearing.”

I see, well that makes me feel a bit better.

But, next time I will hold it in. . . If I could.

“I was happy to hear Shiori-san’s sexy moans.”

“Please forget it right away.”

“Eh- no can do. They were so cute!”

“They aren’t cute. No way, it’s way too embarrassing. . .”

My embarrassment was finally reaching a breaking point. Despite me still
being hugged, I tried to pull the covers over to hide my face, but I was
interrupted by a cute “Nope”.

“You know, I was serious. When I was embracing you earlier, I really 
thought my girlfriend was the cutest person in the world. Of course you
were also very sexy.”

“You’re just biased.”

“Ahaha, nevertheless.- – – I want to see cute Shiori-san again.”

She whispered into my ears, her lips then kissing it from behind.

“Ah. . .”

There is nothing malicious behind her gentle touch, however. . . it was
a little too soon for me.

My body was still lingering in the afterglow, but that small gasp was
not missed by Sara.

“. . . Hey, Shiori-san.”

“Please don’t say it.”

I do have to say I hate my overly sensitive body. I had never
experienced sex in my previous life, so I don’t know if it is normal for
the afterglow to linger this long after sex? Is it just some special
feature for sub-heroines in yuri games?

Behind me I heard a “Fuuh-”. I do not want to know what’s behind that
“Fuuh-”.

“Ooops”

“Hyaa!”

She poked my nipple causing me to involuntarily yelp.

This is bad. I heard another “Fuuh~” but the tone had changed. Even
without looking, I could tell she was definitely grinning.

“Hey, I want to see cute Shiori-san again.”

She begged as she gently pinched the tip of my breast. My chest was
starting to rise.

I don’t want to be seen in this embarrassing state, plus I’m already
exhausted. Doing it twice in a row is too much.

Although my beloved is desiring me, and egging me on. My body was
starting to get aroused once more.

Not only was she playing with my breast, she was kissing my hair and
ears, and when she licked my nape and asked “Well?”. I threw the white
flag.

This little devil is too good at teasing me.

I shook off her mischievous hands and turned around to face her.

“Well if you drop the honorifics and just saying “Shiori”. . . then
maybe.”

I wasn’t going to let her get away with it. It was annoying that I was
the only one having a hard time, so she should feel a little embarrassed
too.

This was supposed to be my little comeback, my competitive edge, however

“Shiori is too cute! Geeze, you are really good at working me up! I love
you!”

. . .Huh?

Far from making her embarrassed, I turned her on?

She was a prodigy who had naturally picked up these tricks the first
time, but by the second time she had grown so much that I realized I
should be more cautious about how easy it is to turn her on.

In addition, it occurred to me that if she started to call me by my
first name now, I would always remember this time, and that would become
a complete disaster, so I quickly told her to call me “Shiori-san” as
usual.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

AN:

Thank you for reading to the end.

R18 writing was tough, but it was a lot of fun. 

I’d like to write more about the two of them in various other scenarios
someday.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

*TN:*

*Translator here, that is practically the end of these extra parts.
There are a few more chapters that I will translate. One is a sequel to
this, which is about Shiori trying to get the upper hand on Sara. And 2
other chapters written from the POV of a mob character in the main
story. So how they see Shiori in the story. It will be a fun new
outlook. I’m looking forward to that.  Expect the next part in 3-7
days.*

*Anyways like if you did*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0055_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0057_Chapter.md)

