[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0056_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0058_Chapter.md)



# Extra 10: \[R18+\] (6)

This is a short story about Shiori trying to take the Top spot from
Sara.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“Ahh, Sara, Ahh.”

Tears leaked from the corner of my eyes as I was unable to bear the
constant stimulation. 

At the beginning I always tell myself to not make noises, but I just
can’t hold back, and after a while I stop thinking about it.

“Mm, Shiori you’re so cute.”

Her smile was angelic, but her actions were devilish. She had been
licking up my nectar which overflowed from inside me, making the area
around her mouth sticky. 

The sound of wet noises was lewd and obscene, it made me more aroused.

“Aah, Oh, Oh god. . !”

“Mmm, Good.”

As she sucked hard, my legs stretched so much they almost cramped up,
and soon a burst of pleasure naturally swelled up within, leading my
hips to rise up, and as soon as the climax was over, gravity returned to
my now relaxed body.

It had become a regular event for Sara to happily leave a hickey on my
body, which was still trembling from the afterglow. The place she left
the mark depends on her mood, and today she sucked hard under my left
breast.

It is so embarrassing that I react to it as well, but it seems to make
my girlfriend happy- – – it’s also really sexy.

“Hahh, Oh my goodness. Shiori is too cute, I wish we could just do this
forever.”

“No can do, also we promised it was your turn after this.”

“Eh, really. How about another time?”

“No way. You keep postponing it. I haven’t got the chance to be on top
yet.”

Sara puffed her cheeks, which was very cute, but I can’t give in.

We have had sex a few times so far, but I’m always the one being done.
Today! Today I want to be the one to embrace Sara!

I repositied my body, and pushed over her slender body with my own. I
was feeling a bit tired, but if I lay down now, Sara will just do what
she wants again.

It does make me feel happy that she wants me, however I also want to
give too.

“Sara I love you.”

“Mmm, I love you too.”

I’m a bit reluctant to kiss the lips which were just a minute ago
licking my private parts. I only gave her a lightly touched kiss on the
lips, and then moved my lips all over her face, neck, ears and
collarbone. Running my tongue all over 0her.

Sara squirmed in a ticklish fashion. I’m starting to worry if she’s
really enjoying it, but as I gently place my hand on her chest, I felt a
sense of relief as I heard her let out a erotic sigh.

I want to touch her more, to hear that again. I gently kneaded her
snugly fit breast in the palm of my hand. As I was getting into it, my
vision spun 180 degrees, as a force pushed me from below.

How many times has this happened?

Sara was below me just a moment ago, and is now looking down at me with
a smug expression, as if she just pulled off a prank.

“Heyy, it’s supposed to be my turn.”

“Hmm, that is true, but you were just so cute trying so hard to make me
feel good, I had to. . .”

While saying that, she was extending her hand to touch me, but I stopped
it.

Everytime we end up switching roles just like this, but today I wasn’t
having it.

“Sara, please be honest with me.”

“Um, sure. What’s up?”

“I suck at this don’t I?”

“Huh?”

She gave me a shocked blink. Perhaps she wasn’t expecting that question.

“I also want to touch you, and I want you to feel good. However, I feel
like you aren’t enjoying it.”

“What? that’s not true!”

Sara rose in a panic and shifted away.

To be honest, I didn’t think she hated it based on her reactions, so I
wasn’t too worried. But I was a little anxious and still felt insecure.

However, I was worried that I am clumsy with my method, so I couldn’t
make her feel as good as I wanted. I don’t want to say it out loud, but
I’m really worried about that part! The technical part!

“Honestly, when I see you Shiori trying her best, it just makes me want
to make you feel good. Also um, you looked like you enjoyed it whenever
I would reverse our position, so I didn’t think you hated it. . .
Sorry.”

“Well, I’m not going to deny that it doesn’t feel good when we switch.
However, that’s a different story.”

Where does she learn all her moves? Sara isn’t one to half ass anything,
so her growth has been remarkable, and I am just at her mercy.

In my previous life, I thoroughly enjoyed various types of yuri works,
but reality is different from fiction. And that has become more apparent
as her. . . fingers and tongue move like that!

“I do enjoy what you do to me, however let me give you a scenario. How
would you feel if you felt like eating curry, and the curry you were
just about to eat was taken away, and instead it was replaced by your
favorite fried chicken?”

“Um, it would bother me.”

“Right? That’s what I mean! Do you understand how frustrating it is when
I decided I was going to eat curry today, but every time I scoop some
curry up in my spoon, it’s taken away from me.”

“I’m sorry, I understand. I’ll definitely never do that to you again.”

She put her hands together and apologized. She seems to finally
understand.

She had a sulky expression, almost like a scolded puppy, so when I sat
up and hugged her, she timidly hugged me back. We were both naked, and
face to face. Her shapely breasts were in front of me, and even at a
time like this, I felt a warmth deep inside my gut.

“Okay, happy ending.- – – Shall we continue?”

“Yeah, okay. . .Mmm!”

Her back arched as I sucked on the small pink nipple before me.

Perhaps that was a bit rude, but I was at my limit too. I wasn’t just
talking about these few minutes, but I had been waiting for this moment
ever since we became a couple- – – no perhaps since I fell in love with
her.

“Hey, surprise attacks aren’t fair!”

I ignored the protest I heard from above my head and focused on the
sensation in my mouth. I sucked on the slightly sweet thing, poked it
with the tip of my tongue and occasionally gently bit it. When I touched
the other one with my fingers it immediately became erect.

Until now, this is the furthest I got before being turned over. 

As you’d expect from a sub-heroine, Sara is very sensitive. She began to
wriggle as she clung onto my head.

I was ecstatic to see that response, and I wanted her to feel even
better, so I slowly began to trace down her spine with my hand, as if
counting the vertebrae of her back.

As my other hand slowly moved from her nape, to her back, from her back
to her waist, her breathing mixed with sighs gradually became rougher.
Her hips shook lasciviously and her grip on my head tightened.

“M. . . Haa, mmmm.”

Unlike me, she was able to withhold her voice.

I know she is enjoying this, but it’s kinda ticking me off that she can
still hold back.

With the fingertips that were on a journey from her hipbone to her
tailbone, I gently stroked the peak of her butt, and I could hear a
moist squishy noise touching upon my thigh as she sat on it. 

“Fufu, I’m glad you’re this wet.”

“. . . Idiot.”

I was worried she might not feel anything, That I was actually that bad
at this.

“Can I continue?”

“Mmm, yeah. . .Hah. . .!”

She spread her legs wide to make it easier for me to touch, and the
strong scent of her sex tempted me to go forward. I lightly stroked the
entrance to her garden.

“Mmm, Shio. . . Hah m m. . .”

As she clung onto my shoulder I heard her sweet voice, my brain felt
like it was overheating. Copying what she does to me, I moved my fingers
around to spread the nectar releasing from inside, and her hips
anxiously moved in time with my motions, I fondled the small bud with my
fingertips, her whole body trembled. 

Oh this is getting addictive. It feels really nice to have the person
you love feel good with your own hands. I understand why Sara always
wants to be on top now.

It’s an irresistible sensation, it was completely different being on
this side.

“I’m going to put it in, okay?”

It was surprisingly difficult to angle it in my current position,
However her center was throbbing, it was completely ready.

I stationed my middle finger directly into her center, and after a short
declaration, I slowly sank it in.

“Mmm, aaaaaa. . .!”

Sara could finally not contain it, and released a moan.

She squeezed my middle finger so tightly that it hurt, and her hips
shook in convulsions. After staying still for a bit, she buried her face
into my shoulder breathing heavily.

Perhaps she just had a light climax.

“. . .Okay, I’m ready.”

“Um, you sure?”

“Yes. Keep going, all the way.”

Prompted on by that she then gave me a violent kiss.

It wasn’t like her usual gentleness, but unyielding bent on devouring
me, and I couldn’t help but feel drawn in.

If that’s how she wants to do it, then I can’t lose in this match
either. I moved my right hand to match the force she gave me. Not being
able to pump it in more with just my wrist, I used my body to thrust it
upward within her, and a muffled moan escaped from our closed lips.

“Mmm, Hahh. . Mm.”

“Hahh, Sara, you’re amazing.”

We both couldn’t breathe properly and were both panting, but that didn’t
stop our dance. We desperately shook our hips in search of pleasure,
moaned and called each other’s names, exchanging crashing kisses on the
way.

My whole body was drenched in sweat.

Even as we hugged, it was kinda slippery, I couldn’t properly support
her. I didn’t know whose sweat it was but I have an idea it was our own
mixed together. 

It was an ugly and disgusting sight, and I’d long since lost the
sensation of my right hand, but the feeling of us melting together was
irreplaceable.

“Ahh, Shiori. . .”

Sara was telling me she was closed, so I kissed the top of her swaying
breast in the final stretch. I mustered all of my remaining strength and
sped up as much as I could.

“Aaaaahhh, Shio, Rii. . . ..Mnnn.”

Her body violently shook as she came.

And once we passed the finish line, we both collapsed on the sheets
together. . .

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

I was shocked awake by the cold, and instinctively looked for the clock
in this dimly lit room.

My anxiety quickly faded as I remembered I was going to stay the night
anyways so the time didn’t matter, so I relaxed and put my head back
onto the pillow. I also pulled up the blanket that was curled at my feet
and covered Sara and I.

The sheets underneath us were in a terrible state, it was cold and wet
around our bottoms. I would like to change them right away if I could,
but Sara was still asleep. She was curled up like a cat because of the
cold too.

“I wonder if I went overboard.”

Looking back on it, it’s pretty weird that my first time doing it to
her, she was in a cowgirl position. It just felt natural to do it at
that moment. Regardless of how I positioned myself, I do regret that it
may have been too much of a burden for Sara’s first time.

However it was so amazing, just imagining it is heating me up. It was so
good.

An often phrase in yuri works is, that it just feels good to embrace
someone.

I think that is what they mean. Just the joy and satisfaction of making
someone you love feel good, and the strange sensation of reaching your
climax together, even without you yourself being touched. I think I
could get addicted to it.

As I thought about it I stared blankly at Sara’s sleeping face, and then
her eyelids slowly rose.

“Mm. . . Good morning Shiori-san.”

“Good morning Sara. How are you feeling?”

 “I’m exhausted.”

Her eyebrows lowered as she laughed.

“Um, It’s kinda embarrassing right after being done.”

“Right? I’m happy you finally understand.”

“Yeahhh, Um it did feel really good though.”

“Thank you,” she said with a smile. A smile fitting of an angel, it’s a
bit hard to believe how passionately we were just a moment ago.

“Hey, I want a kiss mark too.”

“Sure, um, where should I put it?”

“Here.”

She pointed to under her left breast- – – the same spot she put it on me
earlier.

“Actually it does make me happy that Sara always gives me a kiss mark.”

“Really?”

“Yeah.”

Some people might dislike it, but it makes me happy. It’s like she is
showing her possessiveness. Like she is saying “This is mine.” and it is
ticklish when she does it.

I always feel a little disappointed when I take a bath and see it fade
and disappear.

“Well, go ahead.”

I put my lips to the breast she offered to me, and sucked as hard as I
could. I sucked to my limit and pulled my lips away, then tilted my head
in confusion.

That’s weird. Even though I sucked so hard, there isn’t any mark unless
I look closely. Why?

“Ahaha, you need to work on your hickeys.”

“Huhhh, I thought kissing would teach me how to do it, but. . . I still
have a lot to learn.”

She laughed and said I could practice again later.

That’s right, there will be plenty of opportunities in the future. So
please look forward to small red flowers blooming somewhere upon your
body.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

AN:

Thank you for reading.

I didn’t imagine I would feel like writing a naughty chapter, but it
seems like the time had come for me to write something naughty for the
first time in several years, but I thought “If I don’t take this
opportunity to write it now, when will I?” and I wrote this all in one
day. It was fun, but I’m starting to run out of R18 Words(lol).

If you enjoyed it, I’ll be happy if you left a comment, bookmarked it,
or left a rating.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN:

*And the R18 chapters have come to an end, it was fun to come back to
these characters, and see how they would react in this scenario. *

*There are 2 more chapters left all though they will be really
different. It will be from a mob character, and how they see Shiori. It
will be fun. *

*Sorry about being late, but IRL stuff got busy.*

*Like if you did*

*Next chapter in 3-7 days.*


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0056_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0058_Chapter.md)

