[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0006.md)



# Chapter 90: Aoi and Hisui's Strength

"Mr. Bardock, how should we attack? That black-haired one looks strong,
but the short-haired one has plenty of openings."  
"Let's take down the short-haired one first. Strip her naked with wind
magic! I'll take on the long-haired one.  
Once you've dealt with the short-haired one, the five of us attack the
black-haired one. You guys, fire magic from a distance. I'll finish them
off."  
  
With that, Bardock began to infuse his sword with light magicules.  
  
"Alright, let's get started!"  
  
At Dustis' signal, Bardock and his five companions moved. Wind magic
focused on Aoi.  
  
"You'll be humiliated by having your clothes torn to shreds."  
  
(The wind users really like this magic...)  
  
Aoi thought to herself, but instead of resisting, she jumped into the
wind magic. Then, she infused her Dark Cutter with magicules and cut
through the wind magic.  
  
(What! She cut through the magic!)  
  
Bardock was inwardly shocked. Moreover, Aoi's movements were efficient
and very beautiful.  
Bardock was mesmerized by Aoi's movements even as he faced Hisui.  
  
"Haa..."  
  
Aoi sighed, sheathed her sword, and closed in on the four magic users.  
She swept one off his feet and kicked him in the stomach. She
immediately rushed to the second person. She struck his chin with a palm
strike, knocking him unconscious, and used his body as a shield to block
the third person's wind magic attack.  
  
"Too bad."  
  
Aoi created arrows of light with magic and fired them at the third and
fourth people, incapacitating them. It was all over in a flash.  
  
"Is it about time?"  
  
Hisui called out to Bardock and sheathed her Arrow Cutter. Bardock was
amazed by Aoi's strength but still focused on Hisui.  
  
(These guys... what strength they have.)  
  
Bardock swung his light-infused sword at Hisui. The light magicules
became blades and flew towards Hisui, but Hisui simply tilted her body
to avoid them.  
  
"!!"  
  
Hisui infused the ground with magicules and created stone tentacles at
Bardock's feet, binding both legs.  
  
"What!"  
  
From Bardock's perspective, it was magicule control worthy of the gods.
Hisui then rushed towards Bardock, who couldn't move, and delivered a
kick to his stomach.  
  
"Guh."  
  
Bardock crouched on the spot.  
  
"Alright, match over. Anyone else want to challenge?"  
  
No one answered Dustis' words.  
  
â€”  
  
Bardock and his companions submitted to Aoi and Hisui. Bardock respected
Aoi and Hisui from the bottom of his heart.  
  
"Commander Aoi, Vice Commander Hisui. We will follow you."  
  
The five knelt on one knee and bowed. The other members of the mercenary
corps looked at each other at the sight of Bardock and his companions,
but after Aoi glared at them, they followed Bardock's example and knelt
on one knee.  
  
"Alright! I'm Aoi, the commander of this mercenary squad. Nice to meet
you all.  
Also, training is over for today. We're having a surprise welcome party
for us, so each Squad Leader should prepare like their lives depend on
it. It starts in one hour. Everyone, gather here again. Dismissed!"  
  
Dustis smiled wryly, Hisui frowned, and Mao looked troubled. However,
Hisui thought that it was just like Aoi and vaguely thought that she
needed to make sure Aoi didn't drink too much.  
  
And,  
  
(I'll kill any man who tries to lay a hand on Aoi...)  
  
She made a dangerous resolution.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0006.md)

