[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0052.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0054.md)



# Chapter 138: Vegas' Fate

Buenos was irritated. He used Sheema to deploy dark magic, but he
couldn't take advantage of the darkness to get the Order of Chaos
soldiers close enough to the Demon Kingdom army. Now, the dark magicules
had been dispelled.  
  
"Damn you! Aoi!!"  
  
For Buenos, Aoi was an object of terror. The daughter of his former
master... A disturbing little girl who thwarted Buenos' plans at every
turn. Buenos probably couldn't win against Aoi, who was regaining her
dark powers.  
  
"Annoying."  
  
Buenos was planning to let the Order of Chaos army infiltrate the Demon
Kingdom army and bring it into a melee, and suppress the engraving
circle in the confusion.  
  
"To think that Aoi still had that much power..."  
  
Buenos looked at Sheema crouching beside him.  
  
"She has no magicules left. She's no longer of any use."  
  
Buenos was planning to use Hisui or Susano to activate the engraving
circle. Vegas was moving to secure them. But Vegas is now rushing
headlong into revenge against Hisui. He's only thinking about targeting
Hisui.  
  
"Will this have a good result...?"  
  
At that moment, flowers of light magicules bloomed in the sky above the
Demon City. In conjunction with that, a great, great cheer resounded as
if blessing the Demon Kingdom.  
  
"Let's charge here!"  
  
 Buenos gnashed his teeth. With this army, he could no longer hold back
the Demon Kingdom army.  
  
"It's dangerous, but it can't be helped..."  
  
 Buenos made a decision. To activate the Demon God.  
  
—  
  
Vegas led a horde of magic beasts and attacked the Demon Kingdom
Knights, where Susano was. The attack was fierce. The Order of Chaos
wasn't even considering maintaining the army.  
Suicide attacks, suicide attacks, suicide attacks. The Demon Kingdom
Knights were enduring well. However, a slight gap appeared in the Demon
Kingdom's formation. The gap gradually widened due to the endless
onslaught magic beasts. Shurak tried to rebuild the formation, but the
momentum of the magic beasts couldn't be stopped.  
  
"I'll go!"  
  
Susano headed to Shurak's location with several escort knights.  
  
Shurak was struggling. Because the horde of magic beasts was unusual.  
  
"Their regenerative abilities are too high..."  
  
Even if the magic beasts had their legs cut off or their torsos severed,
tentacle-like blood vessels would intertwine from the cross-section,
connecting the severed surfaces. One Demon Kingdom knight after another
fell.  
  
"General Shurak! I'll use magic!"  
  
Shurak recognized Susano approaching from the back of the formation. And
that dark magicules would be effective in this situation.  
  
"Susano... I'm counting on you."  
  
Shurak didn't want his child to use dangerous magic. It was a bitter
decision. Susano kneaded magicules and deployed dark magic. Magic that
rots anything it touches. Many dark tentacles from Susano went towards
the magic beasts. It was extremely precise magicule control inherited
from Dustis. With this attack, more than half of the magic beasts
disappeared.  
  
"Haa haa haa..."  
  
Susano was panting. The magicule consumption was remarkable. But still
half of the magic beasts were surrounding her.  
  
"Hah hah, I've been waiting. For this moment!"  
  
It was Vegas. Vegas rushed towards Susano and restrained her small body
with wind magic. He released compressed air bullets at Shurak who tried
to help. Shurak was blown away by the power that distorted space.  
  
"Susano!"  
"The child of darkness is mine!"  
  
It was at that moment. The sound of the rail cannon firing from Hisui
echoed around them.  
  
"Hisui!!!"  
  
Vegas screamed, grabbed Susano and ran off towards the location of the
cannon fire.  
  
—  
  
Vegas chased after Hisui and the others.  
  
"They’re heading to Lord Buenos!"  
  
Vegas ran. He wrapped wind around his body, strengthened his body, and
ran at full speed.  
  
"I've caught up!"  
  
Vegas imbued magicules into his wind magic sword and slashed at Hisui.
The attack from above was imbued with wind and possessed tremendous
power.  
  
"Miss Hisui!"  
  
 Hisui felt a strong presence approaching. She swung Yagiri at the
killing intent of hatred directed at her.  
 Blade and blade collided, and pale blue sparks flew.  
  
"Hisui!!!"  
  
Vegas' scream echoed. But Hisui didn't feel threatened by Vegas.  
  
(He's missing an arm... His magicules are also weakened. He also doesn't
have the cursed sword.)  
  
Hisui imbued magicules into the rail cannon and fired it at Vegas. The
power was suppressed, but its overwhelming force crushed Vegas' right
hand, which was holding the cursed sword.  
  
"Gaaaaah..."  
  
Vegas' scream echoed. Mao quietly drew a short sword and stabbed it into
Vegas' chest. Vegas slowly collapsed.  
  
"Susano!"  
  
Hisui dispelled the shackles that were binding Susano.  
  
"Hisui, thank you."  
  
And Susano noticed Aoi, who was listlessly being carried on Mikazuchi's
back.  
  
"So, it was Aoi who dispelled the dark magicules after all."  
  
Aoi opened her eyes slightly and looked at Susano.  
  
"Ah, Susano. Your sister, Sheema, is crying. Let's go help..."  
"Thank you, Aoi... I understand. I want to save my sister!"  
  
Aoi nodded at Susano's determination.  
  
"Alright, Buenos is right there. Let's go."  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0052.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0054.md)

