[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0018.md)



# Chapter 102: Dispelling the first seal

The inside of the tower was a stone-built corridor that continued
underground.  
  
"Mao..."  
"Yeah, leave it to me."  
  
Mao activated wind magic, searching the inside of the corridor.  
  
"It doesn't seem like there's anything in particular."  
  
The five descended the path leading underground.  
  
"There are no living things... It's a completely inorganic world."  
  
Everyone agreed with Hisui's mutter. Not even plants grew in this
corridor.  
  
"It feels bad..."  
  
It was a space that Mao, a high elf born and raised in the great forest,
couldn't get used to.  
  
"Ah, there!"  
  
There was a place where the flow of magicules of the tower were
concentrated. There, a large stone tablet was placed.  
  
"This is the seal..."  
  
A magic stone that exuded a very strong power was embedded in the stone
tablet, and complex engraved magic was applied around it.  
  
"Amazing... Did humans make this...?"  
  
Mao felt fear at the complexity and strength of the seal. Shurak
naturally moved to a position where he could protect Susano in case
something happened.  
  
"Okay, I'll dispel it. I'll lift this seal. Remember how to do it."  
  
Aoi said that, touched the magic stone, and poured in dark magicules.
The stone monument lit up, and the engraved marks that were glowing
disappeared one by one.  
  
"When you infuse dark magic, the engravings disappear. Magicules alone
are no good. You have to completely convert it."  
  
Everyone watched with bated breath. The first step in breaking the
500-year curse.  
  
"This is the last one..."  
  
When Aoi infused dark magic, the magic stone embedded in the stone
monument shattered. At the same time, the magicules that had been
drifting heavily around were reduced.  
  
"Aoi, I can feel it! The curse is weakening..."  
  
"Yeah, this seal is completely broken. Okay, let's go back to the
surface!"  
  
Aoi and the others climbed the corridor and went out to the surface.
There, they witnessed an unbelievable sight. A wind containing moisture
blew through the Horio Desert, and it was about to rain.  
  
"Life is returning to the desert..."  
  
Susano was simply moved by that fact.  
  
"Ao...i."  
  
Susano thought to rejoice with Aoi that the curse had been lifted, but
she couldn't bring herself to speak when she saw Aoi with a
frighteningly stern face.  
  
(Aoi, what's wrong?)  
  
"It's the commanders! They're back!"  
"Woo-hoo, we did it!"  
"The curse is broken!"  
  
Aoi and the others who came out of the tower were greeted by the members
of the mercenary corps and the knights. Everyone was smiling. Only Aoi
shuddered at the unpleasant atmosphere drifting from the direction of
the Demon City.  
  
"What's the matter?"  
  
Hisui couldn't help but call out to Aoi, seeing her unusual behavior.  
  
"I felt an unpleasant aura, like the resentment of people, from the
direction of the city... I wonder if it's just my imagination..."  
  
Hisui didn't feel such a thing. But when she heard Aoi's words, Hisui
felt a chill down her spine and broke out in a cold sweat.  
  
"What could it be... I have a bad feeling about this..."  
  
While being greeted by the cheering voices of the soldiers rejoicing
that the curse had been lifted, the two desperately hoped that their
premonition would be wrong.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0018.md)

