[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0055.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0057.md)



# Chapter 141: Conclusion

However, the impact she had prepared for never came. Hisui felt a sense
of nostalgia for the gentle magicules that filled the area.  
  
"Aoi..."  
"Miss Aoi!"  
  
Aoi was standing there, emitting golden magicules that, depending on how
you looked at it, could also appear black.  
  
"A fusion of light and darkness..."  
  
Hisui muttered to herself. Aoi was neutralizing the attack from the
Demon God's massive amount of dark magicules. It was a very beautiful
sight.  
The Demon God took a few steps back as if frightened.  
  
"Demon God, what's wrong? Aoi!! Are you going to interfere again!!"  
"Luke entrusted me with power. To slaughter the Demon God is my duty as
the daughter of the 'Demon God of Chaos'. Buenos! It's over."  
  
Buenos, wielding magicule  eater, tried to slash at Aoi.  
  
"Oops. You're up against us."  
  
Mao unleashed wind magic, attempting to hold Buenos back. Mao's magic
was immediately scattered by Buenos' magicule eater, but taking
advantage of the opening, Hisui slashed with Yagiri.  
  
"Kuh."  
  
Hisui's swordsmanship caught Buenos in the side. Blood sprayed from
Buenos in a thin stream.  
  
"Why? How can I be toyed with by a little girl like this!"  
  
Buenos was frustrated. By Hisui and Mao's strength, which was greater
than he had imagined, and by Aoi's power, which might even surpass the
Demon God.  
  
"I want power! Demon God, give me power!"  
  
The Demon God answered Buenos' cry from the depths of his soul. Grasping
Buenos, he devoured his body.  
  
"Ugaaaaa. Demon God, why!"  
  
Buenos' death throes echoed.  
  
"Aoi. Are you alright?"  
"Hisui... I met Miss Mirei. Luke was trying to protect the world. And he
left me his power..."  
  
Hisui nodded slowly.  
  
"I heard Miss Mirei's voice as well. *'Make light and darkness into a
single power.'*  That's what Miss Mirei told me."  
  
And then,  
  
"Aoi, lend me your sword. There's something I have to do too."  
  
Hisui felt the destiny etched into her soul. To combine two powers into
one... Hisui received Dark Cutter and Nijimaru from Aoi and infused them
with magicules. The two swords slowly came together. And then, they
melted into one.  
  
"It's Aoi's new magic sword."  
"Thank you. Hisui."  
  
The new magic sword's blade glowed faintly and was a gently curved,
single-edged sword. Beautiful ripples emerged , and one could feel a
dignified power within its beauty.  
  
"Its name is Celestial Yin and Yang."  
  
Aoi swung Celestial Yin and Yang once.  
  
"Yeah, it's a nice sword!"  
  
The Demon God had just finished devouring Buenos.  
  
"Ugh, what a disgusting thing to watch..."  
  
Mao muttered with genuine disgust.  
  
"Hisui, Mao. Thank you. Leave the rest to me."  
  
Hisui and Mao looked at each other and nodded.  
  
"Understood. Aoi, be careful."  
  
Hisui and Mao stepped back.  
  
"Now, the final round!"  
  
Aoi channeled magicules through Celestial Yin and Yang. The magic sword
emitted a dull light. Aoi took an iai stance and faced the Demon God.
The Demon God was also increasing the dark magicules within its body.  
  
"Come! Let's fight!!"  
  
The Demon God spewed out dark magicules. It was a sinister darkness,
almost like cursed energy. That overwhelming, ancient power headed
straight for Aoi.  
  
"Diya!"  
  
With a burst of spirit, Aoi swung Celestial Yin and Yang. Sparkling
golden magicules became countless particles and collided with the Demon
God's cursed energy. The power was evenly matched. Magicules and
magicules clashed, burst, and then scattered.  
  
"Aoi!!"  
  
Aoi unleashed magicules and jumped above the Demon God. The Demon God
was fully occupied with neutralizing Aoi's magicules attack. It couldn't
track Aoi's movements...  
  
"Goodbye, one who destroys the world..."  
  
Aoi infused Celestial Yin and Yang with magicules. Aoi's magicules
traveled through Celestial Yin and Yang and became a long, glittering
blade of light and dark. Aoi swung Celestial Yin and Yang towards the
Demon God in one swift motion. That one strike was fierce.  
The Demon God was cleaved in two and its very existence was reduced to
magicules and vanished.  
  
"Aoi!!"  
  
Hisui rushed to Aoi and jumped into her arms. Aoi gently caught Hisui's
scarred body.  
  
"Miss Aoi!!"  
  
Mao, Susano, and the members of α Squad could be seen running towards
them from behind. Force launched a signal high into the sky of the Demon
Kingdom, a sign that the situation was over. It emitted a white light in
the endlessly blue sky.  
  
"Luke?"  
  
At that moment, Aoi thought she heard a nostalgic voice. The voice
seemed to be laughing happily.  
  
  
  


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](section_0055.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](section_0057.md)

