[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0001_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 1: I Remember a lot

It was then I realized I love Yuri. No, not the flower, but the genre,
the genre where girls love other girls. The relationship does not have
to be romantic. Whether it’s simply friendship, rivalry, jealousy, or
envy. It’s all okay as long as strong feelings from women collide. If
anything, I could still enjoy it even if it was an unrequited love.

Despite being a girl, I love Yuri more than eating. 

It was a week before I entered the new semester of my second year of
high school that I remembered the memories of my previous life. My
cringy life as a serious Yuri otaku with a painful desire to see it all.

The trigger was watching a late-night anime on TV. An anime that I don’t
often watch, but it showed a particular event. At the moment I saw a
kissing scene between two girls it all came back. That dirty knowledge
rushed into my head. As you’d expect, being a serious yuri otaku was
really revolting to remember. But why then? Why does it feel so natural.

However, that doesn’t matter at this point. The problem is something I
noticed with the knowledge of my past life.

“. . .No way. I’m, “Shiori Sugimura(杉村詩織)!””

I absorbed yuri from all over the world! In my previous life, I savagely
pursed Yuri words regardless of medium. 2D, 3D, anything, but my
favorite work is called “Fragmented Rhapsody”

The protagonist is “Aoi Shimamoto 島本葵“(Obviously a girl). She enrolls
in Yuri Nomiya Girl’s High school(百合ノ宮女子高校) and could fall in
love with her childhood friend, or a Senior in Club Activities, or a
mixed race girl from another school. It’s a pretty standard plot for a
dating simulator.

Although it was a doujin game, it is as good of quality as any
commercial work. There are different endings you could get depending on
where each character’s “likability fluctuates” was. Based on the choices
you make and the flags you set, the story changes. Moreover, the art is
cute. It’s amazing.

And the name of the Senpai in the club is. . .Shiori Sugimura. Aka me.

She belongs to the art club in Yuri Nomiya’s Girl’s High School. Barely
a Second Year Student. Long Half Up fluffy black hair, and a well kept
appearance. A clean face, and large breasts. She was the mischievous
older sister character.

“No no no no no, this is too weird! What, Am I a character in a video
game?!??! I mean, I have memories of my previous life until it suddenly
stopped at the age of 26, but when did I die!? Did I really devote my
life to Yuri and die without even falling in love?”

After graduating from a decent university, I became a math teacher at a
prep school, working also as a tutor as a side job. . .Why! It wasn’t
that I wasn’t popular at all, but did I live until I was 26 and die
without even falling in love. That’s so disappointing.

“But if this is really the same game world, then I will meet the
protagonist soon. And there is a possibility that a coercive force from
the game world will spawn and force me to fall in love with her? That’s
a little. . .”

In my previous life I loved yuri, but I wasn’t gay, and I’ve never seen
a girl in that kind of light. I had few crushes, but I wanted to one day
fall in love with a gentle handsome man.

Above all, the main character is a strong mischievous guardian
character, but I don’t want to get involved at all.

Oh yeah, the Protagonist’s childhood friend and the main heroine of the
game. Her name is “Koharu Wakashima 若島こはる” a character who has knew
the protagonist since childhood.

If the story goes as normal then it’s highly likely one of the three
Koharu endings will happen. The other two are normal types, a happy
ending and a bad ending, there is also a true ending. But there is a
significant gap in the contents of the endings.

It almost always appears when the other heroines have conflicting love
flags raised. They break each other and alter the story. So they are
often called “Flag Crushers” or “Iron Defense.” Among fans. Most are
light hearted bittersweet. However, Koharu. She is Aoi’s stalker.

There is a bad ending in which Koharu, who has gone full yandere, pulls
a knife and attacks the beautiful mixed race girl form another school
“Fujioka Sara 藤岡紗良”. This happens when Koharu’s love score is high
while also doing the Sara route.

There is also a bad ending with Shiori and Koharu. But both end with a
normal friendship ending. For some reason only with Sara does it end
bloody. Why! Sara was my favorite!

Koharu is the demon-like guard. In my playthrough I was enjoying the
story, Little by little as I was getting closer to Sara, a murder event
happened right when I thought it was going to be a happy ending. My
heart nearly stopped at that time.

I always thought Koharu’s obsession with Aoi was much, but who would
have expected the gentle homely character to be a Yandere? More over
with the picture of crime. It’s ridiculous! Who would want that!

“I don’t want to be inadvertently close to Aoi and be stabbed by Koharu
out of resentment. I’ll leave Aoi’s alone, so her partner will be
Koharu. Then I can keep my peaceful life. . .But is there a possibility
that Sara would be stabbed by Koharu?”

It was a really bad awakening. If things move according to the game,
it’s Sara who is stabbed, not me, that’s still really dangerous. I want
to help if I can, and I’m also curious to see the real Sara.

“I don’t know if it will even happen, but it’s a good idea. Alright I’ll
do my best to help!”

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

“Sara Fujioka” a so-called Kuudere character. At first she was
expressionless, and wanted nothing to do with the main character. Still,
the protagonist doesn’t give up, and by increasing her “like score”, she
gradually opens up her heart. And when she smiles for the first time! I
made it my wallpaper without a second thought. The art in the game, so
good. . .

Her personality is calm and gutsy. She was shy and cold at first, but
she has a really kind heart, despite her always cooking her own food and
eating by herself in a cold house, where she lives by herself. She is
beautiful, kind, and great at cooking. Truly a perfect package.

Such a girl is so appealing, so she is easily loved by the main
character. But if that happened wouldn’t that mean enraging the love
rival. Couldn’t she be slaughtered? 

I want to save Sara from such a tragedy! I want her to be happy!

However it’s easier said than done. A good start is keeping Aoi and Sara
from meeting each other.

The encounter between the two goes like this. A sudden downpour happens
on Aoi’s way home from the entrance ceremony. She prepared an umbrella
however, so she wouldn’t get wet. As she walks home she sees a shivering
Sara taking shelter from the rain. That’s where they meet, as Aoi
presents her an umbrella.

If this never happens, then it’s unlikely two people from different
schools would ever get to know each other. Fortunately I know the
scene’s background so I can estimate the location it occurs. It wouldn’t
have been possible if it was a plain place, but luckily I noticed it
should be that large bookstore three stations away. For major books, a
local bookstore is sufficient, but if you want a large assortment of
books you have to go to a larger bookstore or rely on mail order, so
I’ve been there many times before.

“I’m off on the day of the entrance ceremony, so I wonder if I should
wait at a cafe across the street. There I could watch for Sara.”

–  –  That’s why I’m drinking coffee at a cafe near the bookstore. It’s
far from raining yet, it’s a blue sky and there are almost no clouds.
Will it really rain? Well, if Aoi and Sara don’t appear because it
doesn’t rain then that’s fine!

I began to doubt my memory. I looked down at the book I bought at the
nearby store. The title read “She and my Chocolates Days.”

. . . Well, Yuri is interesting. It’s a genre that I wasn’t interested
in until now. It’s all because of the influence from my previous life. I
was completely addicted to them. I haven’t read many books so far, and
there were only a few manga’s and magazines on the bookshelf in my room,
but that has increased considerably in the past week. At this rate, I
feel like there is a crisis where I will devote my life to Yuri again.

The memories that returned last week became familiar to me, it’s as if
slowly it melted into me. Other than the fact that she liked Yuri’s
work, I wonder if my sensibilities and values have grown a little closer
to her. Except for the Yuri obsession, my personality has always been
similar to my past life, so even if her personality is mixed in, there
are few changes, but it’s barely noticeable. However, what surprised me
was how much my academic ability improved. In particular the
mathematical field she expertise in. I’m now at the level where I can
take the entrance exam right away. Thank you for studying so hard
previous me!

While thinking about it, I looked out of the window as gray clouds
gradually covered the sky. I never would have seen it coming after
watching the blue sky a minute ago. I can sympathize with Sara, who will
soon become a drenched dog. I couldn’t have predicted this rain without
already knowing the weather forecast.

“ . . .It’s time to move.”

I was nervous about whether this game theory was even real. I left the
cafe and went towards the bookstore, by the time I arrived it had
already started to rain hard. In the blink of an eye, large raindrops
fell like waterfalls. In the sudden heavy rain, as people rushed for
shelter or brought their umbrellas out, I scanned for Sara.

The half Japanese half Swedish girl had a prominent appearance, so if
I’m close to her I should immediately know. I was getting impatient. I
have to find her before Aoi. It was then as I was looking around, A
person rushed to the spot I was taking shelter at. 

—Sara!!!

White skin, and light caramel colored hair.. Far from Japanese hair.
Dressed in her soaked but brand new uniform and breathing heavily while
holding her shoulders. She was as beautiful as the ingame art.

Her height is about 163 cm(5’4), a little taller than me? Her face is
small and her limbs are slender, despite it sticking to her she still
looked like a model with her straight hair slightly longer than her
shoulder. She exudes a ladylike atmosphere. She was 15 years old in the
game and was already an adult beauty. She noticed my gaze and our eyes
then met.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0001_Chapter.md)

