[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0002_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0004_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 4: Taiyaki and the Heroine

After exchanging contact information with Sara, we promised to meet each
other tomorrow two trains earlier than today. I ended up leaving two
stations before her. Getting the contact information from my favorite
has gotten me giddy, but it’s not just happiness that has caused my
restlessness. I’m wondering if I somehow led her to not go to school by
bus, I didn’t think about it before I agreed. Did I perhaps take her out
of her safe zone? But how could I have known she’d take the train?

I don’t know everything, no matter how much I know the plot or
characters, I can’t know everything. Sara taking the train is a good
example, I could’ve never known she would do that. As for Aoi, well I
know that Aoi and Koharu will be late together today, but what happens
after that I don’t know. In the story it just skips to the club tours. I
don’t even know what I should do in the meantime.

As for the reason they are late, Aoi said “I delivered a girl who liked
Taiyaki home.” The girl beside her jokingly said “What are you talking
about?” I’m sure this was a scenario the writer had as a key kid.

I love their works, but unfortunately it doesn’t have any yuri elements.
That’s the only thing. . .I’m really interested in it.

Well, it seems like they will be late, so I doubt I will meet Aoi and
Koharu right now. Therefore I’ll simply mix in with the students
sparsely walking to school.

Yuri Nomiya High School for girls is a girls’ highschool with a long
history. Located in a residential area, it’s about a 10 minute walk from
the nearest station. Okay even though it has a history, it’s not a
school for pampered rich girls, it’s just old. It isn’t a school where
you go to get an easier pass into a top university, and there is no club
that regularly makes the national scene in competitions. The standard of
the school is slightly higher than normal, but the school sells a laid
back spirit.

If anything, Tsubakigaoka, where Sara attends, is a much more advanced
school, and the difficulty of classes is surely higher. Tsubakigaoka was
a boys’ school until two years ago, so the number of girls is still
small, and somebody as cute as Sara must be popular. I’m sure she is the
center of the school. I am a Yuri Otaku, so I do wish for her to get a
cute girlfriend, but as long as she is happy I will be, so if she got a
boyfriend I will be fine with it. I want her to somehow destroy any
possibility for a flag to be set. For that reason I wish she would
switch to the bus.

“I promised to go to school together, but is that even possible anymore.
. .”

I held in my sigh as I walked down the road, when suddenly I saw a girl
with pigtails standing alone in a small residential park. She looked
around 3 years old. She looks lost, as if looking for her guardian, I
wonder what happened.

People noticed the anxious looking girl holding the small brown stuffed
animal, but nobody tried to talk to her. Even in the world of Yuri,
people are afraid of getting involved.

Well it will make me sick if I ignore it and then hear something bad
happened. I went to school early, I had spare time, so I went towards
the park to check on her.

“Umm, you. . .Ahh!!”

When I called out to the girl I finally noticed. The brown stuffed
animal she was holding tightly was in the shape of a large taiyaki. And
I understood it instantly. The reason why Aoi was late was not what the
writer literally meant, but it carries the same spirit.

“Do you like Taiyaki?”

“. . .Yeah.”

The girl nodded with all her strength while tightly holding the big
taiyaki in her arms. Oh this confirms it. If I leave her alone, Aoi and
Koharu must come and help her home.

Despite knowing that, I can’t just leave a child with an expression like
that.

“Why are you alone?”

“Mama is asleep.”

“Oh. Was Mama tired?”

“Mama was with the baby, so Mio went to play alone.”

“Ah, is that why?. . .Mio-chan is a kind girl.”

I crouched down and stroked her head saying she was a good girl, she
then proudly smiled.

So Mio-chan’s mom probably has another baby. She must be feeling lonely
without her mother as she has less time to play with her, but she seems
like a savvy child. Realizing that her mom was too tired, she quietly
left the house so she wouldn’t wake her up.

Unfortunately she didn’t think about the panic that this would cause,
and it’s unlikely she locked the house when she left, but still, she is
quite considerate even though she is 3-years old.

”But if Mio-chan wasn’t there when Mama woke up, she would be lonely,
wouldn’t she?”

“. . .She would?”

“Yeah I think so. Why don’t you stop playing alone outside, and greet
your Mama when she wakes up?”

“Oooh. . .I get it. Then, I’m going home.”

I took a relief breath when she said she’d go home easily. When I asked
if she needed help going home, she pointed to a house nearby and said.
“Home is right there.” so I waved her off when she said she’d be okay by
herself. I wanted to say it’s dangerous for her to tell strangers where
her house is, but I think that’d be hard to explain to a 3 year old. I
have no choice but to hope her mother will teach her that in the future.

“Well it’s about time.”

As I checked my watch, it was about the same time I’d usually commute.
The number of students walking on route is increasing, so I went towards
the entrance while going with the flow, but then I felt it. The presence
of two girls that passed. My legs stopped and my spine began to chill.
I’m scared.

- –   –  Aoi and Koharu.

Aoi, her short hair with bangs naturally out, and big eyes full of
curiosity, and another person with soft hair down to her shoulders and a
large hair pin near her bangs. The girls looked close together and
walked side by side, they were supposed to help Mio-chan and end up
being late.

The plot has changed once again because I acted out, but I don’t know
how this will affect the story. There is still a possibility it will
still follow the story, so I like to believe it won’t make a big
difference in the future.

The main character and main heroine of “Fragmented Rhapsody.” If Sara
and I don’t get involved, then those two will be tied together.

It was then Aoi noticed my eyes, she looked straight at me while I held
my breath. I then felt like she gave a small smile.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN: On the key kid thing, a Key kid is a kid who goes home alone to an
empty home. they are called a key kid or latchkey child, because they
have a key to their home on them.

Here is the next chapter. Sorry for the delay but I was really busy. I
wonder why she is smiling at her though. Maybe she is just cute.

Anyways, the next chapter is in 1-3 days. Most likely 2 days, but it may
be out sooner.

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0002_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0004_Chapter.md)

