[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0004_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0006_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 6: A Date with My Favorite Character (1)

“Have you lived in this area your whole life?”

Sara suddenly asked me as we shook on the morning train ride. It’s been
a week since school started. I have been going to school with Sara by
train every morning since then. Those 20 minutes rides with her have
been my safe haven. Seeing as my supposed fun club activities have
become a time of despair and tension, all because of a certain Yandere
heroine.

Also she has changed from calling me “Sugimura-san” to “Shiori-san” and
I have begun calling her “Sara” . So in our short time together the
distance between us has shrunk.

“Yeah, I’ve been here my whole life. Why?”

“Actually I lived in a different region until junior high school, so I
still don’t know where everything is. Soo, if you are familiar with this
place, perhaps Shiori-san could show me around. . .”

She seemed hesitant, with her beautifully shaped eyebrows going down
apologetically, like she thought it was a bothering me to ask. The
pleading from her moistened pale green eyes easily pierced my chest.
After all, she is a goddess.

Unfortunately, Sara is taller than me, so I couldn’t see her begging to
me with upturned eyes. If that happened it would be life threatening. I
would spew blood from an overdose of moe.

Without showing my idiotic thoughts, I answered “Of course It would be
okay.”

“But it depends on what kind of place you wants to know about. . .”

The range of possible activities an ordinary highschool student can do
is pretty limited. Except for a shopping mall, there are only a few
street stores with trendy clothes and miscellaneous goods, plus few
cafes with a nice atmosphere. 

In reality, what I should be telling her is what is necessary for
living. It would be better if I told her where reputable medical doctors
and dentists are. When I started living alone in my previous life,
finding a hospital became quite a problem. It was so uncomfortable to
look up the reputations of nearby hospitals on my smartphone while
having a high fever.

However she hasn’t told me she is living alone yet. 

It’s rare for a high school girl to be living alone, plus in order to
prevent crime, it’s best not to inform too many people of your living
situation. In the game it was because of her father’s overseas transfer.
Though her parents must have been worried about leaving such a cute
daughter alone in Japan.

In the game Sara says herself that “Living alone is easy and enjoyable.
It’s easier for Aoi and I to be alone.” She was flirting at the time,
and it made for a nice scene.

“I don’t really need anything particularly, however. . .Where does
Shiori-san usually buy clothes?”

“Hmm, I wonder if there are clothes stores by the station we met at.
It’s a commuter place, and you can most likely buy fairly cheap and cute
clothes around there. What kind of clothes does Sara like?”

In the video game she only wears nice looking casual clothes, though the
Sara in this reality is a little different from the Sara in the actual
game. I would love to see her in gothic lolita clothes.

If I asked her, I don’t think she could handle it. Plus I don’t even
know a store that would sell outfits like that.

“I don’t have a particular style, perhaps casual clothes seeing as I
have a lot, but I’m not good at choosing outfits, so I often simply buy
the ones recommended to me by the clerk.”

“Ah, it must be fun for the clerk to choose an outfit for a beautiful
girl like Sara.”

She has the face of a young lady, so she’d look good in pretty or older
sister clothes. No, actually, surprisingly she’d look great in boyish
clothes. It’s something different, but Harajuku or gyaru clothes would
also work. She’d look good in any clothes. It’s fun just imagining it.
If I had the income of my previous life, instead of buying adult doujin
(that I legally can’t buy right now), I would give tribute to Sara with
clothes and accessories. I wonder if I should get a part time job?

By the way, I am good looking in this life. Unfortunately though, casual
styles don’t look good on me.

“Well, then you should choose.”

“Eh?”

It was like a dream come true, I stared in disbelief when she asked once
again “Could you choose my clothes?”

“Would that be okay?!?”

“It would be wonderful no matter what you choose. I’ve never had a
friend choose my clothes, I’m kinda looking forward to it.”

“Ah, junior high school students don’t buy clothes often with their
friends. Leave it to me, And I will find something that definitely suits
you!”

Afterwards, We promised to meet up this weekend. I got off at the
station I usually leave at, that’s where the story ended.

When I arrived in the classroom, I checked my smartphone and she struck
me with “I’m looking forward to our date!” I thought I would die before
the weekend even came. What more, a date! If the date wasn’t with me, I
would have certified it as a Yuri moment to the highest degree.

But, above all that, I could get her to wear any clothes I want! This is
the best!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

The promised day came on a warm spring weekend.

Thanks to the settings of a Yuri game, my family is quite wealthy now.
Although I’m not a ridiculously wealthy young lady, I’m generally
considered to be a “Well off Young Lady.” With the memories of my
previous Yuri otaku life, I conjured up the image of a twin-tailed
heroine with rose red hair living here.

Thanks to that I have a lot of pocket money, and if I wanted to go buy
clothes, I would receive even more money. For me, who used to save up
all my money to spend on Yuri, I am both grateful and ashamed for this.
I know the pains of an empty pocket, that fact has caused me to deal
with too many late bills. Though my mother gives me a strange face when
her daughter always thanks her with a meek expression.

The meeting time was 11 am. But  I arrived at the meeting place 10
minutes earlier, there I saw that Sara had already been waiting.

“Sorry for the wait.”

“Ah Shiori-san, good morning. I didn’t wait at all.”

She raised her face up from her smartphone. She was wearing light makeup
unlike the weekdays, and had a somewhat more mature appearance than
usual. Her hair, which is usually put straight down, is loosely waved,
and her outfit, which she said is often casual, is rather stylized. She
wore a mint green shirt, and white pants, matching the spring season.

A girl looking like a spring fairy managed to wait without being hit on.
If we meet again I have to come earlier.

“Your casual clothes look really good on you.”

“Thank you, I’m with Shiori-san today, so I went out a little bit to get
closer to your level. You looked so mature the first time I saw you.”

“First time. . .Ah, the day we met.”

That day I wasn’t wearing my school uniform. Although it felt like it
the other day, it feels like we’ve known each other for a long time.
Even though it’s been less than a month since I met her.

Maybe it’s because I knew Sara from the memories of my past life, or
perhaps it’s because I was talking to her everyday. Probably both. I was
already closer to her now than any of my friends at school.

“Do you want to get food first? Or see clothes? For lunch there is a
nearby popular pancake shop.”

“Lunch!”

“Okay, Let’s go.”

It was a popular shop, so I already made reservations in advance. It’s
still early noon, and we were able to sit without waiting in a line, but
the store was already almost at full capacity.

However the popularity makes sense when you look at the menu, and all
the pictures of advertised food looks delicious. There are so many types
that it’s hard to choose one to order. If it tastes as good as it looks,
I’m sure there will be many repeating customers.

“Shiori-san, have you decided yet?”

“Hmm. I’m still debating on the seasonal exclusive fresh fruits pancakes
or a strawberries fluffy pancake tower.”

The seasonal fresh fruit special had plenty of fruits along with it such
as strawberries, bananas, and blueberries around a thick two layered
pancake stack, plus a vanilla ice cream side.

The fluffy pancake tower is a three layered pancake stacked up high with
soft serve cream topping it. In addition to that you can have berries
added, or strawberry ice cream added to the plate, even a choice of a
strawberry sauce. It’s a strawberry pancake tower.

Both look absolutely delicious and I want to eat them both.

“I know! They both look so good, it’s making me curious!”

“Yeah! So which are you going to choose?”

“I’m thinking of the seasonal fresh fruit pancake. . .would Shiori-san
like to share it with me?”

“Is that okay? I was just about to ask.”

“Rather, could you please share it with me.”

With a serious expression she looked straight in the eyes as she
proposed.

Both of the pancakes were delicious, so delicious they disappeared from
the plate in a blink of an eye, we were so absorbed in eating them.
Despite being so large, Where did they go in such a short time? No, I
know it’s in our stomach, but I don’t want to accept that. The
realization of how many calories we just ate is too much.

It couldn’t be helped though. The pancakes were soft enough to melt in
your mouth, the fruits were so fresh, and the balance of sweet whipped
cream and the sourness of the strawberry sauce was amazing.

We regretfully stared at the empty plate, then I said. “Let’s come here
again.” and like a beautiful blooming tulip, she smiled happily and said
“Yeah!”

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

**Here is another chapter for you. My gift to you. If you celebrate,
Happy holidays, merry** Christmas, whatever floats your boat. Next
chapter will continue their date, so look forward to that.

2-3 days for the next chapter.

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0004_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0006_Chapter.md)

