[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0009_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0011_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 11: I Want to Protect You!

“Ah, that? I’m already used to it.”

We were in the corner of a crowded café, when Sara simply stated after
asking about her school situation.

What do you mean you are used to it? When she saw my confused look, she
simply laughed and said “Thank you for your concern.”

“Since I was in late elementary school, these kinds of things began to
happen. It happened in junior high as well. Although this happened
earlier than expected in high school. . . . but it was still expected.”

“. . . Did it settle down in junior high?”

“Not at all.”

The same fate has been afflicting her, I was hoping by now she had found
a solution, but unfortunately her fate was merciless.

What more, I don’t know if I can help because it’s Sara herself that is
answering with a casual face. It’s agonizing to hear she is “used to
it”. To have it happen for so long you become used to such a nightmare.
For goodness sake, please don’t get used to it.

“I haven’t liked school for a long time, but recently everyday has been
fun.”

“Why. . ?”

“It’s all thanks to Shiori-san.”

She gave a shy smile. I had a suspicious look on my face. I had no idea
why she said my name, but she laughed again saying “I don’t know.”

“I choose to take the train every morning because I want to see
Shiori-san. It’s really fun to have you tutor me and for us to cook
together on Sunday. . .It honestly is hard at school, but I’m always
looking forward to the commute, so I’m doing my best.”

“—!”

Various thoughts rushed through my head when I heard that. It’s not that
school is fun, it’s not a person there that she looks forward to, it’s
me she is looking forward to, and our commute to school.

All of this is so messed up. Even if I try to describe the emotion, I
can’t think of the words for it. Instead I could only say nothing,
before tears began to grow.

Ahh, geeze. What am I doing? I’m beginning to cry? Even though I’m older
than her. She is the one doing her best in her terrible fate.

If I could support her even a little, then perhaps she could say that I
was worthy. Despite that, I’ve never been so happy.

I’m happy, but Sara’s attitude of giving up at school is insanely sad.

I roughly wiped away my tears. I tried to stop crying and raised my
face. I saw Sara smiling at me with a troubled face.

“I’m happy that there is somebody so worried about me that they will cry
with a runny nose.”

“. . .I don’t have a runny nose.”

Well, I can feel it about to drip out, so I blew my nose into a napkin.

Also our surroundings are beginning to hurt me. I found that the other
customers in the cafe were giving me glances. It made me feel ashamed
after showing this pathetic display.

“You’ve already accepted it?”

“Well, of course it’s hard. I do want to live a peaceful highschool
life, but it is what it is.”

It does seem impossible to her, but I know it is hurting her to say
that.

She has a defeated look. She probably just wanted to live a normal high
school life. Laughing with friends, perhaps falling in love with
someone, and doing her best in club activities while studying. She just
wanted the everyday mundane life.

“. . . .I think it’s too early to give up.”

“Eh?”

“Because it’s only been one month since you’ve entered high school! It’s
way too early to decide the future for the next three years!”

I continued to roll out my words as Sara gave me an open mouthed
expression.

“You can’t decide that you failed in the beginning of a dash, it’s too
soon. The three years of high school are precious! It’s only three
years, but the memories you make will be brought along with you for the
rest of your life. Because of the number of times this happened, you
want to say it will always happen. But don’t you hate saying that!? Then
please stand up to it!”

“Eh, eh~. . .”

“For you, school became an unsocial place. You have to find your place
in a wider world, or have something else to do, while not getting along
with your peers, is that what you wish for? The fate you want? If not,
then don’t give up so easily! We can come up with a plan. I can also
hear your worries! Lean on my shoulder as much as you like, I’ll lend
you my chest!”

That day, when the memories of my past life came back. I decided to
protect my favorite character, Sara. At the time, I was only thinking
about preventing an attack from Koharu, but now the scope has grown.

It’s not because I was a fan of the side heroine. I just want to protect
this precious girl before me, no other reasons behind that. Protect her
heart, her body, all of her.

I desperately pleaded to her, though it must have been a comical sight
to see. It may be surprising for me to ask for you to try your best
again, despite what seemed impossible in junior highschool.

It may be annoying for me to ask for you to try again. But I can’t think
of anything else.

“- – -If Shiori-san wants it that much, I’ll do my best a little more.”

She gave an embarrassed smile and muttered “I’ll leave you to be my
handkerchief.” She nodded many times.

You can use me as much as you like, I’ll be your handkerchief for your
tears.

I love happy endings. And I will make you smile at the end!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN:

That was a really sweet chapter. I’m looking forward to how they will
tackle this problem. 

On a side note. Akiko, the character not in this chapter, name will be
changed once again, now to Yoko. This is because much later on in the
story their name is actually spelled out. So thank you anonymouse for
letting me know while not spoiling the story. I will go back to the
previous chapters to change it. I’ll also put a note for the first time
she pops up again.

Like if you did:


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0009_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0011_Chapter.md)

