[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0012_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0014_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 14: This Feeling isn’t Love

From that day on, we’ve been studying everyday. After school, studying,
on the weekends, studying, days off, studying.

It was at first just to help Sara’s midterm score, but later on she
pleaded “I can’t afford to lose to Shiori-san’s grades.” Even if we
don’t study so hard, I’m confident that her grades will be higher than
mine when I was a first year, but I can’t say that, It won’t help her
motivation if I tell her. I gave a side glance to Sara as she studied,
she was looking down at her exam range.

I wouldn’t be able to go to club activities until the exam is over, so I
asked the art president if I could take a break. “I’m aiming for a
recommendation, so I’d like to go home earlier to study.” The next day I
was asked by Yoko “Eh, really?” I tried to think of a response but ended
up just explaining it all. “That’s right.” and happily nodded and
explained more.

“I think the normal response is to ask for help from a friend, so
although it’s not a direct solution like going to a teacher, it’s going
in the right direction.”

“Huh? Are you making fun of me?”

“No, No. Wouldn’t you normally want to tell the teacher?”

If there is a problem at school and it’s hard to solve it on your own,
you could rely on the teacher. That is the obvious answer.

However- – –

“It would be nice if that would solve it, but that isn’t possible. There
is no physical harm. In the first place, and it’s not easy for a teacher
to go to work on a project as vague as fixing a student’s warped love
affair. If anything it will deepen the gap with her peers.”

Most of all, it’d be too terrible for Sara who already had a history
relying on the teacher in junior high school. Because it will obviously
end up involving the parents. She doesn’t want to worry them, and not
solve anything. It’d be too wrong to repeat the past.

She also feels that she doesn’t want to stress out her parents who are
overseas.

“Of course, if you think it gets out of control, rely on them right
away, but you can’t tell the teacher too much. Until then, it could just
be used as a threat to those people involved.”

“Hmm. “I’ll tell the teacher”!?”

“We’ll need to take a little more roundabout way, than just that. Even
if Sara explains that she is being ogled at by other girl’s boyfriends
that won’t make sense. Though as a threat, even those pitiful beings can
understand, it would be better if we could show them a recording to do
it. Like “If you don’t understand, let’s talk with the teacher. You will
also be contacted by the parents. . .””

I put my hand to my cheek and sighed. Having to stoop so low because of
this unfortunate situation. Yoko’s mouth stiffened as she tightly said
“You are such a good person.”.

Oh yeah. I’m honored by the compliment. But you aren’t lying, right?

“For students in highschool. It will be okay because they will be
uncomfortable and obedient. The damaging report they’d receive will be
dangerous even if it’s not directly related to a recommendation for
college. Many kids will be well-behaved if presented in front of their
parents. It’d need to be in the shadows though. I wonder if I was a tick
or a moss in a previous life.”

“A mushroom? Well if you get Shiori as your enemy, you will get this
fury. Okay, I will make sure to remember that.”

“But I’m doing it in a peaceful way, right?”

“What kind of peace is this. . .”  

My friend grumbled. 

“I must do this, so Sara could live in a peaceful time calmly. ”When I
told her she’d immediately replied. “It’s so radical.”.”

I wish I could be a hero in a manga or anime and just fight back from
the brink of this desperate situation, quickly solving this problem. It
would be nice if I could just go to Tsubakigaoka and hit the students
who are harassing Sara. I want to let all the students know how good
Sara is.

However there is no magical method, so I chose the plain underground
plan, I have conflicting feelings about. If I was the main character- –
-Aoi, could I have it happen so smoothly? I hate how powerless I am, I
could only bet and hope it will work out.

“But I can only think of future plans. It makes me impatient, but I have
to leave it all up to Sara and Yoko’s friend to do it.”

“Oh yeah. That friend I told you about replied. Here look.”

As she remembered she took out her smartphone and showed me a message.
It was then I saw the high tension message along with a string of heart
emojis around it.

(“I just met Sara-chan for the first time. What a girl! She looks so
cute! A serious fairy!! She was so cute when her face turned bright red
after I hugged her! I wanted to take her home! !”)

“What the heck, this snake! I haven’t even hugged her yet!!”

“You’re focused on that!?”

“Of course that!!”

We go to school together, study, and eat together everyday! But there is
no skinship, such as hugging or holding hands? Maybe the closest we’ve
ever been was the umbrella scene.

Even though I’ve been with you this whole time, I was already passed by
another Senior who met them for the first time . . ? Just like that!? No
she is Yoko’s friends- – – Then is it sexual harassment!?!? It’s
possible!!

Ahh, but hugging between girls is precious. Thank you for the supply. 

“Well, when they get involved they do their own thing. Still though,
Shiori is a different person when Sara-chan is involved. What is she to
you?”

“What. . .What do you mean?”

A younger friend? 

A cute little sister?

My pupil?

All of that is correct, but none is fully right.

For me, Sara is- – 

“I wonder. I’m her fan?”

Although it doesn’t simply explain in one word, it’s the one that fits
most.

Originally that word would mean I’m cheering on an idol, or if you like
them so much you’d promote them to others. Absolutely I would love for
everyone to understand Sara’s charm.

“I’m doing my best to support her, I’ll spare no effort to make her
happy.”

“So it’s like a mother’s point of view. I was wondering if it was love.”

“Unfortunately for you, it’s different.”

Yoko then grumbled. “How boring.” but it is different, and plain.
Atleast there was never a time I wanted to touch Sara in a sexual way.

It’s not a complicated feeling like romance, it’s just that I like that
child, she is cute and has a precious personality. If I was to push it,
there is a strong greedy desire to protect her.

Generally, I’ve never heard of a sub heroine falling in love with
another sub heroine. Plus I don’t have any intentions of falling in love
with the main character.

Someday, I’m sure not so far away. Someone will come that can protect
and cherish Sara. If allowed, I’d like to protect her until that person
comes.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN:So I need to get things more clear. The word 推し Is what she uses
when she says fan or favorite character, and It’s that even in the
title, but it is hard to translate. She is her favorite character. She
is a fan, but it  goes more than that. Somebody who fully supports their
idol. Or a character in a media . They cheer them on. Maybe like a super
fan.

Hope that helps explain it, but to be honest, I’m still not fully sure. 

Anyways, it seems that Sara is friend zoned, Fan zoned? So Sara would
need to make the first move if things are going to progress Yuri.  

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0012_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0014_Chapter.md)

