[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0015_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0017_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 17: Sara’s Pov (1)

The mid-term exam is over, and in no time it’s mid-June. Though it has
become much better than before, the air around me in class still has
some room for improvement. I’ve been able to have a little conversation
here and there, but I still eat my bento alone in class, and I don’t
have any close friends.

Despite that, I feel like it has changed. If I could take a step
further, take advantage when a “Chance” comes, it could get better.
However I have not been able to have that opportunity, nor could I think
of any solutions. Although thanks to Shiori-san, everything has
improved, so I’d like to do my best on my own going forward.

“Oh, Sara-cha-n!”

I was walking back alone from my mobile class. It was then I met
Tomoda-senpai. I heard that this senpai was originally an acquaintance
of Shiori-san’s friend, and she was asked to say hi to me. There are
some people who talk to me that way, but this person is the one that
talks to me most often, plus she cares about my situation.

When I told Shiori-san that she would hug me every time I met her, she
gave me a difficult face.

“Hello, Tomoda-Senpai.”

“Hello, cute as always.”

I don’t hate the word “cute” when it comes from this person. In many
cases, the “cute” coming from a man, is mixed with ulterior motives, and
“cute” from a girl is mixed in with hostility, but Tomoda-senpai didn’t
give off that impression.

“Sara-chan, do you have some time?”

“Yeah, I have some.”

With a smile, she beckoned me closer and brought me to the end of a less
popular corridor. Usually when we talk, we avoid the ends of the
hallway. So I’m a little nervous about the subject, it’s obviously
something she doesn’t want others to hear.

She usually has a relaxed, carefree smile, so I doubt it’s too bad.

“Well, I heard something interesting from a little birdy, and I have to
say it before I forget. It’s not a major deal, but when you confessed,
you said “I’m not going out with anyone right now.” Is that correct?” 

“Yeah I did. . .was it bad?”

“No, it’s not bad. It’s not bad at all. But I think it’s a little too
honest.”

“Too honest. . ?”

That brought back a memory of my father saying with a bitter smile.
“Sara, you’re honest to a fault.” I never understood the point of lying,
so I stayed truthful in everything I say. I didn’t know why he told me
that.

“It’s good to be honest, but how you refused, it’s easy to give off the
impression they’d still have a chance! In fact, it seems that there are
boys that still haven’t given up.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. So let’s cheat a little.”

“Cheat. . ?”

“Yeah, actually the quickest way is to just have a boyfriend, but we
could at least say you have someone you like!”

“Someone I like?”

There isn’t someone that fits that, so would it be okay? Until now, I’ve
never been in love, and when I got along with a boy things ended up
weird, so I avoided it. I’ve never enjoyed it.

Although I’ve received confessions countless times, love is unknown to
me. I can’t imagine myself being absorbed in someone like a shoujo
manga, and definitely not becoming emotionally unstable for them.

“If you say that you have a favorite person now, it may make things a
little better.”

“Understood, I’ll say that next time.”

“Yeah, do your best. By the way, be honest. Do you have a favorite
person?”

When asked that, Shiori-san’s face immediately came to mind, but that
quickly faded out. I like Shiori-san, but it doesn’t mean it’s like
that.

“No.”

“I see- Well I hope you can meet someone someday.”

That’s all! After hugging me again, Tomoda-senpai hurried back to her
classroom. It was less related to love, but the words “Favorite person”
made me feel a little restless. 

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~  
  
  
A few days have passed since our conversation. My homeroom class was
over, and I was preparing to go home, when suddenly a female classmate
said “Hey, Can I talk to you for a bit?”

I’ve lately talked to this girl just a bit, but she has never asked me
like that, so I cautiously replied. “Alright, what is it?”

“Fujioka-san, is it true you have someone you like?”

She asked as if she already knew the answer.

That?! I was surprised, but it was a little scary as she looked at me
with intense eyes. How did she know about that? Was it from the person I
rejected yesterday? Has that already spread?

“Y-Yeah, but.”

As soon as I uttered that, my entire surrounding squealed.

Eh? Before I could think, several other girls rushed in and surrounded
my desk. All of them were way too intense with their eyes! I want to run
away. . .

“You must tell us more!”

“Who is your favorite person? Are they from our school?”

“Ah, there are boys around, so let’s stop here. Are you busy after
school?”

“Karaoke or somewhere else, we could talk and have a drink too. Is that
good?”

They were talking so fast, and before I knew it, I left school with four
girls. I sat down on the soft bench at a cafe near the school. Black tea
and Dacquoise were placed before me.

It was this time, for the first time, I’ve made a detour with a person
from the same school. It’s very different from what I imagined.

“Okay let’s jump into it, who does Fujioka-san like?”

I see, we came here to talk about that, but how do I respond? I can’t
just say it was a lie.

They were asking for the person I was romantically interested in. I
never thought I’d be asked, so I gave it no thought before. Until now,
nobody has ever asked me that, let alone want me to delve into it.

Ah, this is troubling. Um, my favorite person, favorite . . .person my
favorite person.

What came to my mind was Shiori-san with her gentle smile.

That’s it. Even if it isn’t romantic, Shiori must be my “favorite
person”. If I talk about Shiori-san’s image, I think things should go
smoothly.

“It’s a. . . Senpai from another school.”.

As soon as I said that, the other girls Hyaaaa.

“Hey, what kind of person are they? Are they cool?”

“I think they are rather cute. They are very kind and smart.”

“Hmm, Fujioka-san likes them cute. Have you confessed yet?”

“Confess. . .”

I confessed to Shiori-san in my head, she simply gave a troubled smile
and politely said, “I’m sorry”. Yeah, I can’t imagine it being received
okay at all. Despite me only imagining it, for some reason it made me a
tiny bit depressed.

“They only see me as a little sister. . .I don’t want to ruin that
relationship, or bother them. I want to confess when I’m a more polished
woman. When I’m suitable to stand by their side.”

“What the? That’s so admirable!”

“Fujioka-san is so pure! I’ll support you!”

“Me too! Give it your all!”

For some reason, it seems that they saw my love as admirable. Soon the
girls from my class gave me supportive words.

If you have feelings for a senpai from another school, they may feel
relieved that you won’t be their rival. Although it’s been a while since
I’ve had a girl from the same grade say such positive words. I think it
would be nice if they could support me. . .

Shiori-san said that female friendships tend to involve calculations and
self interest, but if you can get along well with them you could enjoy
your time without worrying about the details!

She sometimes tells me about poison in the world. I enjoy that though,
it’s interesting.

“I need to apologize for the past. I misunderstood Fujioka-san.”

“Yeah. Since we’ve talked to you, you are actually a really good girl!”

“If you’d like Fujioka-san, could we get along better from now on.”

“Yeah, why don’t we eat our lunch together tomorrow? Also, you have to
tell me what skin lotion you are using!”

 Before I could fully comprehend, I immediately answered “Yeah!”

This is it. This is the “Chance” I wanted. If I don’t take it, I will
definitely regret it.

  After that, I was asked about my favorite person more, and I answered
more questions. One of the people who listened to me laughed and said.
“You really like that person. You have a completely different face when
talking about them.”

The other kids agreed with her, though I don’t know what expression I’m
giving.

I assumed I was just normally talking.

However just remembering Shiori-san does warm my heart, so perhaps that
was showing on my face. Sometimes at home when I remember her, I
unintentionally smile.  

“Yeah, I like them.”

When I said “Like”, for the first time my face suddenly felt hot. I used
to talk about my favorite person, but the word “Like” seems special, and
it’s hard to get rid of my blush. I was embarrassed and had a little
teary eyes.

Looking at me, the students around me started to squeal saying “Cute!”
and “A maiden!”. My head was then patted like a cat, and hugs came my
way.

Tomoda-Senpai is a girl that does a lot of skinship. Shiori-san doesn’t
do that much, so the gap gets me by surprise. 

“But, One step forward!”

I was able to blend in a little more, So let’s report to Shiori-san.

It’s a little embarrassing to say that I made her my favorite person
model. It’s Shiori-san, so she may tease me alittle. I had to be
prepared for what she said.

But she will absolutely be very happy when I say “It turned out good”. 

I understand only that.

I’m looking forward to the day when I can report about school to
Shiori-san. I was able to take the train home after entering highschool,
usually I’d ride with a tired face, but today I had a bright one.

  It was a few days later that I found out she apparently heard about
this even before I could report it. She said “I wonder who Sara’s
favorite person is~?” with a very nice smile.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Seems like Shiori knew Sara better than us. Apparently she was just a
model, but we could see the seeds being planted. The yuri flower will
grow. 

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0015_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0017_Chapter.md)

