[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0016_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0018_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 18: Umbrella Handkerchief

Despite Sara’s school life having improved, I was secretly wondering if
it was going to get better or worse. As far as I’ve heard, that doesn’t
seem to be the case.

She seems to be eating lunch with friends during her breaks, and during
that time they would chat and talk to each other about things they
didn’t understand in class.

The other day she told me about her after school outing where everyone
lined up at a tapioca shop. Apparently the tapioca milk tea was very
good.

“I drank it for the first time, it was chewy and delicious. We should go
together next time.”

“Okay. I actually never tried tapioca. I was curious, but never tried it
because it was high in calories. I would love to go to a place
recommended by Sara.”

“Oh really? When I said it was my first time, everyone told me that was
crazy. I’m glad you are my partner.”

Sara’s expression brightened up as she slumped more into the white sofa
where we were sitting. She had a radiant smile, it’s as if an evil
spirit had been exorcized. She looked like a different person from the
other day.

I met Sara in April, and she didn’t always smile. It was as if there was
a dark shadow underneath the times she had. She must have been under a
large amount of stress. Though clearly, this is how she really is.

“What’s wrong?”

I loved Sara happily talking .

What should I call this feeling? It’s not romantic love. A mysterious
unnamed feeling, that is neither love for an idol, nor just friendship.

I’m just happy, just because this child is smiling so brightly. And I
really believed in my goal to keep this smile.

“Well, I thought you looked happier.”

“Thank you. It was thanks to Shiori-san.”

“I didn’t do much, I couldn’t. . .”

I couldn’t protect her much at all! She was enthusiastic about it, but I
didn’t believe it. The MVP is herself, and the runner up is Tomoda-san.

“Recently, You’ve been giving off a happy face, I’m happy too.”

“Oh? I wouldn’t know.”

She touched her cheeks with a munimuni looking face. She didn’t know
what I was saying, but even that face is different. She has a completely
different air to her.

“You don’t need to know. I wondered how things would work out, but I’m
glad things have calmed down without incident.”

“When Shiori-san started crying at the cafe, I wondered what would
happen too.”

“D-Did I have a runny nose?”

“Yeah, you did.”

Perhaps she remembered that time cause she giggled, I couldn’t help but
withdraw my shoulder. If possible, could you please forget about that.
Why was I so upset when the person in question was so calm? I can’t help
but cringe.

I am older. And if you add the age difference from my previous life,
it’s even mentally higher!

“At that time, I remembered the day I first met Shiori-san.”

“The time with the sudden downpour?”

Was it something related?

Perhaps she is going to say I was crying like that storm?

“On the day of the entrance ceremony, it suddenly rained and I was
really in trouble. There were so many textbooks, prints, and papers that
I couldn’t allow myself to get wet. I was wondering what to do. And then
Shiori-san gave me an umbrella.”

“Alright.”

“At the cafe, you didn’t just say that I should do my best, but you said
that we should do our best, right? It felt like you offered me an
umbrella again. . .It’s a little embarrassing to say it.”

Sara laughed with a shy smile.

I didn’t know what to do, so I stayed silent. After a short time she
continued the talk.

“Once again, you had put an umbrella over me and taken me to a dry
place. Without you I would have given up. I couldn’t study or cook, and
I would never had gotten any help from Tomoda-senpai.”

“I could only have helped you a little. . .It was a pretty tattered
umbrella.”

“You are always like this! It’s strange how you have such low
self-esteem. You can do so many things, it’s like you are a superhuman.
Even so, All’s well that ends well, right?”

“. . .Right.”

There are still some parts that I don’t get, but as she said, All’s well
that ends well. Her smile is now everything.

If she made friends, and she now isn’t alone, she could avoid that
nightmare future. Eventually I’d like her to connect with someone she
really likes, somebody to care for her.

Until then, I will be the big umbrella that will cover her as strongly
as possible.

“Hey, what can I do for you? I want to give back somehow, but I can’t
think of anything.”

“You don’t have to worry about it. I also get various things from just
being around you.”

“No, that’s not enough for me!”

“Hmm. . .”

Even so, I’m just grateful that she is happy, and plus I’m besides my
idol. 

If it was Yoko it’d be like, rub your boobs! You could use this terribly
to sexual harassment, but I didn’t ask for that. . .Oh, that’s right.

“There is one thing.”

“What is it? Say anything.”

“I want to hug Sara.”

“. . .Huh?”

She leaned towards me as she was asking, until she heard that. Her face
went red and she drew back. Oh? When I think about it, it was like
staring at a vigilant kitten.

Oh, this is like my reaction when Yoko sexual harasses. She is
misunderstanding!

“Wait a minute, let me talk, and it’s a misunderstanding. You see,
Tomoda-san and your classmates have hugged you, right?”

“A-Ah, that’s it! Oh my god. I was sure. . .”

“Sure?”

“Nothing! Hug! No problem, look! Come on!”

I imagine I could worm it out of her if I dig more, but I might not be
able to get a hug then.

Her face dyed even redder than before, I spread my arms out and gently
approached the waiting Sara. As I wrapped my arm around her, I was
surprised about how petitie she was. It was much more than expected.

Although she was thin, she was also soft, warm, and had a very nice
smell. I wanted to enjoy her a little more, so I hugged her a little
tighter, as her thin shoulders retracted a bit.

With such a delicate body, this child had that burden for so many years?

“You did your best.”

I whispered. I patted her back saying she worked hard. I then heard a
deep breath near my ears.

“Geeze. . . Shiori-san. Did you mean it. . .”

Sara said something, but now with a quivering voice.

“. . .handkerchief.”

“Eh?”

“You said you’d be my handkerchief. . .right?”

“. . .Of course.”

Was she confirming, or begging? As soon as I gave permission to sob, we
hugged painfully tight. It was a tight embrace, to the point where I
doubt she could speak, but still I heard her weeping. Perhaps she has
been holding this in, in a way her family didn’t know, nor I. Crying
like this is cathartic.

If so, it’s a good thing to cry. I need to remember that this child
should be more pampered.

“I was supposed to give back” or “it shouldn’t be like this” I smiled as
she cried and gave a cute curse. 

While crying, I heard a small voice. “Thank you.”

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

A cute chapter, the friendship is more close. Shiori is the perfect big
sister. 

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0016_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0018_Chapter.md)

