[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0017_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0019_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 19: A Debt to Pay

With our hug, the Sara question was finally settled. I could now live
peaceful days with few troubles, although there was also one major
problem I forgot. . .I wished I could forget it.

That one day in July. That deal with the devil came back.

“That reminds me, Shiori’s boobs are okay if they’re covered by
clothes.”

There is no need to explain who said those words. There is only one
person around me that would make such distasteful remarks.

“There are a lot of things you tease me with, but this isn’t okay.”

“Well, it’s because I diligently listened to your request. I didn’t get
a thanks. Even though it was a verbal promise, isn’t it important to
keep your word? Shiori is such a child! Yoko is sad!!”

“What? Why are you acting like that. . .”

I got sick of her flirty tone, but this new one was more uncomfortable.
It was troubling because it was reasonable for her to bring it up.

Is it finally the time to pay the piper? To give the tribute chest.

This caught me completely off guard, because she has always been saying
“let me rub your breast”, But she has never put it into action. I
completely overlooked it.

“If you don’t want to give your chest, you could pay with your body.”

“That’s the same! Rather, isn’t that an upgrade?!”

I put a strong tsukkomi into my words, but she added with a smile. “No,
you are acting like a child. What did you think I meant when you said
you’d return the favor? Would you want to do manual labor? Hey, tell
me.” She is annoyingly energetic. This person is more bothersome today.
I wonder if they could tone it down.

“If you have something to say, then say it. Not in this roundabout way.
Do you want help or not?”

“Ding Ding Ding! As expected, You went straight into it.”

“Yeah yeah, now tell me what you want? I’ll pay you back.”

It’s true that I was saved by your help, and I’m not afraid to do
anything to thank you. Especially if it’s something normal that doesn’t
involve my chest or body.

“It’s easy. I want you to help the student council until the school
festival.”

A normal request!?

“Um, can you be more specific. . .”

“The president has told me that we’d need a serious slave that will work
hard. . .We are low on manpower, so she said to bring capable humans to
help.”

“Did you just say slave!?”

“You could be my sex slave if you’d prefer.”

“Did I ask?!”

Ah, my Tsukkomi can’t keep up anymore. What are you talking about? So in
short, I’d have to work like a carriage horse for the student council? 

“Isn’t there three months before the school festival, along with summer
vacation before it? Have the classes even decided what to do yet?”

“The student council has already begun preparations for the classes.”

Seriously? Come to think of it, didn’t she have student council work a
little after lunch or after school? Is she skipping just to ask me for
help?

“Although it is a lot of trouble, it would be good to collect the tax
like this. After all, the president is guaranteed you’d be a competent
student.”

“You’ve never even hinted, is it because I took the top position. . ?”

“You have three options. First, to become the Student Council’s slave.
The second, to become my sex slave. The third, participate in a swimsuit
beauty pageant.”

“I’ll take the first one please.”

I was only really given one choice. What is a swimsuit beauty pageant?
Last year’s school festival didn’t have one. It is anachronistic, isn’t
it? A beauty pageant.

Well, Yoko could push for it. This is a sexual harrassment demon after
all. 

“Okay, thank you very much. Then come see me right away after school.”

“. . . .Understood.”

I’m going to repay the debt. Though it seems a bit more difficult work
than expected. 

Sara’s situation wouldn’t have improved without Yoko’s help, and I’m
really grateful for her doing that despite not being invested in it. 

However, even though I am grateful, I wonder if I could have done
something else.

“Ah, the beauty pageant was my wish, but it was rejected by the
president.”

“Stop teasing the president and act properly!” 

So that is how it was handed to me. I became a helper for the student
council.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Yuri Nomiya’s student council room is on the third floor of the old
school building.

The staff room and infirmary is on the first floor, the library is on
the second floor, and the council room is on the third. The other rooms
are preparation rooms or empty classrooms. Because it’s old, the
building gets hot in the summer and cold in the winter. There is also a
warehouse in the basement, but the dim lighting stairs that lit the
stairs make it precarious. It became a secret test of courage spot for
some students. I definitely don’t want to test my luck with those
stairs.

“President, I brought one slave!”

“Well done Yoko!”

“I wonder if it’s not too late to go home. . .”

Just the first exchange I heard before even entering the room, it did
not bode well for me. It’s not too late, the door hasn’t closed. Aside
from Yoko, am I just imagining a similar feeling coming from the
president?

One arrogant person isn’t enough? We’ve already had a surplus.

“Ahaha, I’m sorry. I’m just too happy. I am President Hojo. We will be
counting on you Sugimura-san.”

“I am second year Shiori Sugimura. Please treat me well.”

I saw her when she called for Yoko in the classroom, and before that I
saw her at all the school meetings, but seeing President Hojo up close
is something else. She is a beauty with a dignified atmosphere. I feel
like she would fit the image of a good male lead in a drama.

She has a slightly lower voice than average girls, but it carries a
courageous tone. She is the prince of this girl’s highschool. She is
popular with the same sex.

“Because you are new, don’t hesitate to ask me stuff you don’t
understand. What we are doing now is making prints to hand out for the
school festival executive committee. We are also deciding on the people
who will be in charge of greeting local residents. While also reviewing
the surplus we have from last year. . .”

“Eh, you are greeting local residents? I didn’t know that the student
council worked that much.”

“It seems that the teachers at some schools manage that, but our school
claims to give freedom and independence to the students. So we have a
lot more work compared to them.”

The president grumbled that last part with distant eyes.

I’m familiar with a particular student council member. So I had a
difficult time imagining what kind of work the student council did until
now. Although it seems that they were doing their best without anybody
knowing.

“I think the truth is the teachers just don’t want to work.”

“Even so, That’s way too much work to put on a student, isn’t it?”

“I want to complain, but I’m so busy. With that being said, I am really
grateful for your help.”

After being greeted like this, my desire to assist was activated. I
can’t help but try my best now. I’m pretty simple in that way.

By the way, the student council president does not appear in the game.
Or at least I don’t remember her being there.

Ordinarily, “Shiori” in the game does not help the student council. On
her route, after school is spent in the club. She would happily draw
pictures with “Aoi”, and on the day of the school festival, she’d go to
the maid cafe “Aoi”’s class set up just to tease her. Ending with them
taking a picture together.

On the after night festival, Alone in the art room, overlooking the
campfire on the playground, a kiss scene from the confession event
occurs.

By the way, on the “Koharu” route, they go around the festival together,
and at the after-event festival they danced Mayim Mayim together. As the
romance flow happens, a confession occurs and a kiss scene. On the Sara
route you simply ignore the school festival.

What I am getting at is. Reality and the game script have already
shifted little by little, and with me now participating in the student
council, it’s inevitable it will happen more. I don’t know if this is a
good thing.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN:So it seems that we have a new character. The president of the
student council. I wonder how she will act. Also I feel like this is
hinting at a big event in three months.

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0017_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0019_Chapter.md)

