[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0019_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0021_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 21: Staying Conscious

“I’m happy with any present, but I would like to go out with
Shiori-san.”

I was met with those pleasant words when I asked if she’d like to go
shopping for a present together.

Ahh, so cute. I want to give you whatever you want. I’ll give you
everything I have.

July 7th of this year, a Monday, the day of Sara’s birthday.

I suggested that we should go buy it the day before. I see her every
Sunday for tutoring, so we could take a break from her studies and go
out. However Sara shook her head and said.

“Recently I’ve been having trouble in school, so if possible, I’d like
it if you could still teach me on that day. If it’s convenient, how
about Saturday?”

“Okay, I’m free on Saturday. So we can buy your gift on Saturday, and on
Sunday we study.”

“Yeah! Oh, this is the first time I am seeing Shiroi-san on Saturday and
Sunday.”

We only meet on the weekday mornings and Sundays, but this is the first
time we’ve set a date for Saturday. In other words, I will be seeing
Sara everyday leading up to her birthday!

I’m going to have a nosebleed. I’m so excited.

Getting to meet almost everyday, it’s priceless.

“Ah, that’s right. Hey if it’s okay with Shiori-san, why don’t you just
stay the night on Saturday?”

“Eh?”

Sara clapped her hands together as she made that unexpected proposal.

“Why don’t we study on Saturday, and have you stay overnight, then on
Sunday morning we can go out?”

“Ahh, I see.”

Well that would be more efficient. We are going to meet again the next
day, and that would eliminate the trouble of traveling to her house
again.

Above all, it’s a chance to stay at Sara’s house! There is no way I can
miss this opportunity! ! Staying means I can see the background rooms in
Sara’s house, places I haven’t set foot in yet. It’s a feeling of going
on a pilgrimage to a sacred place. I definitely want to go.

“Okay, I’ll stay at your place. Though I have to check with my parents
first.”

Though my parents wouldn’t object.

“Alright! Then this Saturday is a pajama party!”

“Yeah, I’m looking forward to it. I haven’t done this since I was in
elementary school.”

“I’ve never done it!”

Sara’s cheeks lit up as her face exploded with life. Whether it’s just
staying up late on a saturday night, or playing games with her, I can’t
help but look forward to whatever happens.

There isn’t a choice though but to persuade my parents. If they say no,
all plans are off. However it shouldn’t be too hard.

“Ah, but I don’t have a guest futon, so we will need to share a bed, is
that alright?”

. . .Seriously? No, that’s fine. We are just friends, and I don’t have
any weird feelings, but I still feel a little conscious of it. 

That bed is the bed from the game. It’s a contact point between Aoi and
Sara. It’s a skin touching scene.

I answered it’d be okay, however things felt a bit awkward.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

July 5th, Saturday. With permission from my parents, I can go to the
long awaited sleepover.

My mom simply said “Alright.” but I had to constantly reconfirm with my
father after he repeatedly asked. “Is it really a girl’s house? It isn’t
a boyfriend is it?” It left my mother speechless.

My father has to know that I’ve been studying at Sara’s house for some
time now. Also why does it need to involve a boy. Isn’t it wrong to
think that nothing could happen between two girls.

But of course nothing could happen between Sara and I.

I’m not going to do anything, but I’m still a little nervous because her
place is “THE” place.

After all, the bed scene with “Aoi” x “Sara” in the game was beautiful.
I won’t go into detail, but I can say that it is the best ending of the
game.

It was a huge love event when they slept together. It’s no wonder I’m a
little conscious about it. Even though I understand that scene is not
going to happen in this world. 

It happens in the good route, not the 18+ prohibited route.

Now that I know Sara’s true feelings on the bad route, that scene gives
me mixed feelings. I don’t know how Sara would feel at that point in the
story, but I wanted to believe there was love. I didn’t want to think
about her reluctantly giving her body while not loving them.

“Hmm. . .Well I can’t help but think about it. Though Sara hasn’t even
met Aoi in this world.”

After contemplating it for a while, I eventually arrived in front of
Sara’s condominium, so I pushed those thoughts aside. Today will be a
fun pajama party, and tomorrow will be a fun birthday date. That vague
anxiety is insignificant now, so I quickly covered my feelings of
sickness and went up to the door where Sara is waiting.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Here is another chapter, done quickly because it was a pretty simple and
short one. We now have a sleepover to look forward to. I wonder if
anything will happen?

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0019_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0021_Chapter.md)

