[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0020_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0022_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 22: Let’s Make Gyoza

With a slightly happier mood than usual, Sara welcomed me in.

As usual, we went to the living room, but the scene was different from
the one in the game. In the background, The door to the bedroom was
open.

“I’ve changed the bed sheets. Here, look. See if it’s fine. This is okay
for two people, right? Shirori-san is slender.”

It is a normal semi-double bed. White sheets with matching pillowcases,
along with an ice-green summer comforter. In the game, it was winter, so
the comforter should have changed, but the appearance did not change
much just because of the season.

Sara’s bedroom was simple, with only a bookshelf and a closet across
from her bed, it was very much to her style.

“Yeah, thank you for going through the trouble of replacing it.”

I did say that, but I’m not too sure.

Yeah, a semi-double bed is large enough to comfortably sleep alone, but
it’s surprisingly small when two people actually sleep together.  
I already experienced this once. In my previous life, I’ve stayed in a
semi-double bed with a friend after we went on a field trip to an otaku
event.

Sara seemed fine with it, so this is probably just a problem with my
personal space. With the exception of the hug the other day, I was not
used to having people in such a short range. The point where you can
feel their warmth is foreign to me. This is true in my previous life and
this one.

Of course, I won’t say this.

“Then, let’s start studying and we’ll cook a meal when we’re done. Why
don’t we try something different from usual?”

“Something different?”

“Until now, we’ve only done quick time saving meals, but we have more
time. So we could sometimes cook something grander. Like Gyoza, or
Pizza.”

“Gyoza! I want to eat Gyoza!”

She had the same face when she wanted to eat Shogayaki.

I had imagined she’d want pizza, but she’d always surprise me in a good
way.

I’d also rather have Gyoza than pizza.

“Then, let’s finish studying early and go shopping.”

“O-K!”

As she sang about Gyoza, she lightly walked out of the bedroom. After
seeing her off, I looked at the bedroom closer.

Beige wallpaper, with Light Green curtained windows. As plain as the
bedroom that I’ve seen many times on my screen. However I felt that
something was missing, but I don’t know what it was. Perhaps I’m just
imagining it. I brushed those thoughts away and left the room.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

I checked the refrigerator and as usual, she only had condiments
available, so we had to go to the supermarket.

Minced Pork, Cabbage, and garlic along with dumpling skins, were all
placed in the shopping bag. Along with snacks and juices for a slumber
party. In addition to those, we found tubes for garlic and ginger, so we
could use them as well.

“You’re pretty good at using kitchen knives.”

“Ehehe, Well I’ve had special training!”

Two months ago, she couldn’t even properly hold a kitchen knife, but now
I can watch her chop cabbage without worrying about danger. My cute
student was growing up. There are still some problems, but still it’s a
level that you can be proud of.

“Actually, this is the second time I’ve made Gyoza from ingredients.”

“Eh, is that so? You seemed so natural, I thought you were a pro.”

“No, not at all. Gyoza isn’t difficult to make. They just take time and
labor, plus your hands will get dirty. These days, frozen meals are
delicious enough. Though I’m very particular about making cabbage from
my own chopped ones. Maybe I just enjoy the process.”

By the way, in my previous life I saw on SNS that “Frozen Gyoza is
cutting steps”. Those who are complaining would also say everything is
best done by hand. To not use a computer at work, don’t use a calculator
or instead of using a copy machine, they want you to copy it by hand.
Modernity brings a lot of convenience, it’s best to use it. I would
always enjoy store bought frozen Gyoza with simple side dishes, along
with my favorite seasonings. 

For me, it’s best to cook cheaply, delicious and quickly. So I could
enjoy my Yuri with the money and time I saved. The combination of Gyoza,
beer, and yuri is the best!

We added the chopped cabbage, garlic, and seasoning to the minced meat
while we kneaded it together.

The appearance of Sara kneading with a smile was too precious. I wanted
to take a picture. Even though we’ve cooked together many times, we’ve
only taken pictures of finished dishes. I still haven’t taken a picture
of Sara while cooking.

“Hey, could I take a picture of Sara?”

“Eh, why all of a sudden?”

“Well, I haven’t taken one before. Also to commemorate this day?”

“Oh, well that’s fine.”

Once I got permission I turned on the camera app on my smartphone. And
in a row I began to take pictures.

“Eh, Have you taken it already? Wait a minute. . I can’t properly fix my
hair with these dirty hands! Shiori-san, can’t you take a cute picture?”

“It’s fine, you are cute.”

“Really? Then show me later.”

Actually, her hair was a little disturbed, but it gave off a cute
working hard appearance. I took pictures as it was cute as she kept
kneading Gyozas while also being a little embarrassed.

The shutter sounds disappeared, and it didn’t come up no matter how long
she waited. “Why haven’t you taken the picture?” she asked.

“I’m already shooting, it’s a video.”

“Hey, I said you could take a picture! Shiori-san you idiot! Erase it,
Erase it!”

She gave a panicked look as she turned bright here. Cute. Of course I
can’t delete this. I will do my best to protect it.

“I will watch this every day.”

“You can’t! Geeze, really stop. . .Kyaaa!”

At that moment, a ball containing the Gyoza flew into the air. The ball
slipped off the table causing a surrealistic scene with Sara, as she
chased it falling while screaming, while also being torn between
reaching out to stop the recording. I couldn’t help but laugh.

Fortunately the contents were stuck in the ball, so none spilled out
onto the floor, but I was ordered to replace it by an angry Sara. So the
video stopped there.

It was the first time I’ve laughed so much. It made me hungry. Sara told
me to erase it, but that would be a waste. I will cherish this memory
dearly.

After that, we baked the Gyozas after filling the skins. Once done we
ate them, and I got to eat that video up as a side dish.

It was a good memory, and both of us couldn’t move by the time we
finished eating. We made a large amount of Gyoza and the video made both
of us laugh no matter how many times we watched it.

The handmade Gyoza had a stronger ginger taste than market alternatives.
But it was still more delicious than any I’ve eaten before.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Here is a quick one. Dinner is done, now onto the party. I wonder what
will happen. Can’t guarantee the next chapter will be so quick, there
are so many things coming out this month.

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0020_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0022_Chapter.md)

