[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0021_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0023_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 23: Good Night

If it’s called a Pajama party, you have to of course prepare cute
pajamas.

Along with that however, it’s common sense to bring suitable sleeping
garments as well. You also need to make sure not to wear something that
is too enthusiastic.

Moderately cute, and moderately loose. With that in mind, I chose a
comfortable loose T-shirt and lounge wear shorts. Until I am going to
bed, I am also wearing a thin hoodie on top of this.

“Wow, Shiori-san looks so adult.”

Sara said to me after I left the bathroom. She had her hair down, which
was usually in a half-up hairstyle.

Was it because of the hot water effect, or being in bare feet, or
because of my wet hair. Or is it because the chest is pushing up due to
the T-shirt? I don’t know myself, but apparently Sara liked my sleeping
clothes.

“Sara is for sure cute.”

She is wearing short-sleeved, orthodox pajamas. Her bottom is the same
satin shorts as the top, so her healthy legs are dazzling in display.
Thank you for the eye candy.

“Thanks. This is comfortable to wear, and I like it. Oh Shiori-san, lend
me the hair dryer. Let me do it.”

“Are you sure? Okay, then please.”

It is actually quite hard to dry your hair. If it’s too close it’s hot,
on the contrary, if it’s far, it doesn’t dry well.

Sara was surprisingly good at handling a hair dryer. Her gentle stroking
hands made it a calming experience. I began to become drowsy when
coupled with the warm air from the dryer.

“Are you sleepy?”

I said nothing while carrying heavy eyes, Sara then asked me that. I
said a little and she giggled saying “Wait a little longer” as she
continued to move her hands.

While doing as she wants, she said with a bouncy voice “I rarely get to
be in this situation.” Which I forgot. I usually take care of her, but
now I’m the one being taken care of. Once in a while it’s nice to be
treated like this.

“Sara’s hands feel good. . .”

I muttered as I sank into the warmth of her hands. It stopped for a
moment, but began once again. I feel that her hands were rougher than
before.

“Okay, we’re done. Now let’s go to bed.”

“Ohh?. . .Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

I already finished brushing my teeth and skin care, so it’s time to head
to bed. Sara seemed to not have brushed her teeth yet, so she went to
the bathroom.

By the way, about the. . .Bed. I still haven’t decided whether to sleep
on the back or front side. Which does Sara usually choose?

When she is alone, wouldn’t she normally sleep in the middle? 

I can’t think, I’m too sleepy. I wasn’t like that a bit ago. I felt
tired after being enchanted by Sara’s hands, and my eyelids are so
heavy.

“. . .Oh yeah, the hoodie.”

I intended to take it off before sleeping, and it didn’t make much sense
to wear it to bed even if I’m tired. I began to take it off before I got
on the bed. Sara came back right at that time and stopped in front of
the door, she looked startled.

“What’s wrong?”

“Umm. . .No, Nothing. I’ll let you choose.”

“Hm, thank you.”

While taking it off, I asked which she preferred the back or the front.
She said either is fine, so I jammed myself first in the futon and went
to the back.

While I sunk my head into her pillow, my consciousness began to slip
away. This isn’t good. I’m going to sleep in no time. I atleast need to
stay up late enough to say good night.

“You taking off her clothes was shocking. You took it off casually, but
it was really sexy.”

Ah, is that why she had that strange face? Well, I am a lead character
in a sexy game, so I should have sex appeal. It’s to the extent that
Yoko begs me to do a sexy pose.

Oh that reminds me of a conversation I had with Sara a while ago.

“Ah, that’s right.”

“What?”

“. . .Did you want to be seduced?” 

She looked confused until she then remembered that one exchange we had
on the train. Before I could react, a pillow hit my face.

“Really, that’s what it was?! Don’t say that here, it will make it hard
to sleep together!? It will make a strange mood!  Whatever, I’m going to
sleep!”

I’m an idiot! I wanted to tell her when she was awake, but I couldn’t
anymore. Her eyes wouldn’t open, and it’d be bad to talk now.

So I replied with a good night in my heart, and my consciousness quickly
faded away.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Man, how do these anime people sleep so quickly? I wish I could do that.
They don’t even do a trick or anything. Just hit a switch. Sara is
probably still awake and embarrassed, but Shiori is gone.

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0021_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0023_Chapter.md)

