[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0024_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0026_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 26: I Suck

Humans are greedy creatures. If you get one thing, you soon want
another. I thought I’d be satisfied, but that’s not the case. I’m
afflicted by the curse of greed, just like all of humankind.

In other words- – -I want to see Sara wear her scrunchie.

Because if you think about it. Aside from my school where rules are
relatively loose, Sara cannot wear her scrunchie she just bought to
Tsubakigaoka. Not just dyeing hair is forbidden but “gaudy ornaments are
banned.” It’s vague to say it’s a gaudy ornament, but basically brightly
colored ones seem to be forbidden. They only allow black, navy blue,
light brown hair bands, etc. Hearing that, I was glad that I chose Yuri
Nomiya.

Although with my past academic ability, I wouldn’t have had the results
to get into Tsubakigaoka anyways.

So that is the reason I cannot see her wearing it on the weekdays.
Perhaps I could see it at her house or on holidays. I’m greedy, if
possible I would want to see it now while she is already in fashionable
clothes. It’s only natural for a fan like me to want to see it.

To put it bluntly, I want her to wear what I gave her! I want to see it
now! That is just the truth.

“Hey, why don’t you try it on now?”

I handed over the scrunchie that had already been cutely wrapped. She
seemed surprised, saying “Eh, Now?”.

“I want to see it, so why don’t we try them on together?”

“Yeah, let’s put it on!”

Simple. . .No, she is just straightforward and cute. I said it like
that, because I thought Sara would do it after saying she wanted to
match with a friend. Plus I honestly want to match with her.

I triumphantly moved her along with me to the changing room attached to
the mall’s restroom. About 10 minutes later, we were now in front of a
mirror. It was there, I had no idea what to do with her hair.

“Hair styles, I can do it if I just look it up. . !”

Searching for Scrunchie, and hairstyle. The first is. “Everyone can do
it! Easy hairstyles!” Surely I can understand it if I watch it in video
form. . .It’s still impossible.

Somebody! Bring a stylist here now!

“Shiori-san, it’s fine. It’s cute if we just put it together to the
side, right?”

“Yeah. You are already absolutely adorable.”

“T-Thank you. But I didn’t mean like that. . .”

I have a comb, a hairband and hairpins. Only my hand skills were
missing!

Yeah. I’m going to be frank. I am a hardcore clumsy person. This has
been constant in this life and my last. 

My motor skills aren’t bad, I’m good at running and throwing. Of course
I’m not good enough at sports that require aim. I could draw a picture,
but if it’s engraving, my fingers will be covered with bandages.

I thought it’d be okay because hair arrangement would be easy, but that
wall seems too high because of my clumsiness.

“Sorry, Sara. I’m too clumsy. . .”

“N-Noo! Don’t worry, I can’t do it either! ! Oh I want to try your hair,
switch switch!”

“Okay. . .”

After we exchanged spots, Sara with no challenge began to arrange my
hair. After combing my unraveled hair, she split the sides up, and down,
just as it was explained on the website we were looking at. Carefully
knot the band, twist it behind, and it would temporarily hold it. Doing
the same for the other side, and putting them together at the end. .
.Huh?

“It’s over already? You are amazing!”

I thought it would be hard, but I was just a clumsy person. That “easy”
on the website wasn’t a lie at all. It’s just that, “Everybody” was an
overstatement.

By the way, the reason I can cook despite me being clumsy is simply
practice. After years of self-catering, anyone can get used to it.

“I’ve done something like this before. Shiori-san is so cute! It’s
somehow fresh!”

“Thank you, I feel fresh!”

“Ehehehe, let’s take a photo at the picture booth!”

My favorite! In a photo booth with me?!!

Is it okay for me to have such a nice blessing? I’m too happy, it’s at a
level that I’ve already used up all my good karma from my last life.

“If I’m honest. I feel a bit relieved to find out you couldn’t do
something.”

Sara said that as she started to arrange her own hair.

“There are many things I’m not good at.”

“Eh- for example?”

“First of all, I’m not good at sports. Also I’m really bad at games. I’m
so bad it made my friend say she never wanted to play with me again.”

This of course is a story from this life.

When I was in elementary school, I bought a game console for my friends
and I to play. I would die over and over again when we played co-op. I
ended up being an anchor. Even in VS mode I was so bad, it became boring
for them. It was only rhythm games that I ever managed to beat a level.

“Eh, that’s shocking! I thought you’d be the type to hit high scores on
your first try!”

“I wish, but unfortunately I suck. Actually there are many more things
I’m not good at.”

“Is that so? So even Shiori-san is human.”

“Wait, what do you mean?”

She poked the back of her head, ending with a“Kya- wait! I need to
focus!” She gripped part of her hair and dexterously twisted it.

I looked closely as her hair arrangement was nearing the end. Perhaps
she is getting used to it, because the movements of her hands were much
smoother than before. The skill gap between us was immense.

A few minutes later, she went towards the mirror, and with an excited
voice said, “Here we are!” 

She was the incarnation of cuteness with both sides woven to the sides
just like mine. Of course the scrunchie added color to her hair. Her
usual smooth straight hair was the best, but this style is also
irresistible. After all, my favorite is the cutest no matter the look.

“With matching scrunchies and matching hairstyles.”

Sara said with a bouncy voice while her hair hopped along.

I wonder why each move she does is super adorable. For a while now, the
only words in my head was “cute”. However, what should we do?

The other Onee-sans in the changing room are looking at us, and I’m sure
they can’t take their eyes off of Sara’s cuteness.

Thanks to her, my hair looks good. While talking about going to the
downstairs arcade, we both confidently left the changing room. 

Today has been a really good day. It was supposed to be a day for Sara,
but I’m completely satisfied.

With a happy mood, We walked around the amusement floor, unfortunately
that bliss would not last.

“Sugimura-senpai!”

An energetic voice shot through me.

It was a voice I wouldn’t forget. The person came closer. A person I
didn’t want to meet. Especially now.

It was Aoi.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

The end is Nigh! Aoi has arrived! 

Sorry for the delay. But I ended up being busy. I’ll try not to take so
long for the next one, Especially seeing as Aoi is now in the picture,
but no promises. 

Like if you did:

/.

Also thank you LouisJac once again, AND 13aroness. I really appreciate
the support!


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0024_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0026_Chapter.md)

