[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0026_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0028_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 28: Getting Closer

I may have gotten caught up in the moment. During spring break, I
regained my past life’s memories, met Sara, and got swept up in various
other things. Despite all that, I was able to overcome them all fairly
well. 

I prevented the rain encounter with Sara and Aoi. I even became friends
with Sara. Her isolation from her school was also resolved. Studying
together went really well. Yes, so many things were going well, so I got
careless and forgot about the one thing I should never ignore. That was
my blunder.

I still don’t know how far this world is linked to the game world, but
from what I’ve seen so far, there are at least various settings and
basic scenarios that will occur the same as the game. Until now, that
event did not occur because there was no contact between Aoi and Sara,
but I can’t relax, and hope they will never meet again. I can’t leave it
as is.

In order to avoid the bad ending, the most peaceful and happy solution
was to have Aoi and Koharu go out with each other.

“Aoi and Koharu will begin to go out after the school festival. Until
then, I have to watch over those two without disturbing their romance,
and in some cases I will need to cooperate with them. Of course safely.”

However there are no events that I can actively support. 

The remaining events before the school festival should be a summer
vacation pool date, a firework display at a nearby park with only one
other heroine, and a summer vacation study camp. Being conscious of each
other in their swimsuits, the sparks when staring at the fireworks
together, and a push-down happens at the homework camp. All leading to a
confession at the school festival after.

I want them to each succeed by all means. Because Sara and I, the
Sub-heroines, are quietly pushed into the background.

On the note of Koharu. For some reason, she has seemed to have been
hostile since the day of club activities, but if she finds out that Sara
and I won’t ever be rivals, she may relax a little bit. I want her to
make an effort to get Aoi’s heart as much as possible, rather than being
wary of me being a possible rival.

To be honest, I’m scared to get involved with Koharu. She didn’t do
anything to “Shiori” in the game, but the situation of the game and this
world are so different, plus there is a difference between the game
“Shiori” and me. In the first place, my knowledge of the game is not
useful at all because Koharu, for some reason, entered the art club, and
now has direct contact with me. I don’t know what kind of relationship
is best for us.

However in order to avoid that bad ending- – – there is no other choice.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Basically, Koharu is always with Aoi. Since they are in the same class,
have the same break time, and club activities. 

She was enjoying painting in club activities, and she was still talking
with Aoi and the other first years about what to do at the school
festival.

When looking at her like this, she’s not as good as Sara, but Koharu is
still a cute ordinary girl. With the exception of me, she is friendly
with everybody. She isn’t intimidating even if Aoi is involved, it’s
still a mystery why I am the only one. That’s why I’m contemplating
having a talk.

Aoi is just like the game no matter how you look at it. She is popular
in the art club because of her positive personality, along with her high
social skills. She talks to anyone without hesitation, and helps anyone
in need. Even when she is unsure, she is still enthusiastic about any
task. It’s all to be expected of a main character. Her charisma seems to
captivate not only the game heroines, but everyone around her. Though to
me, it just scares me.

Due to her always being with Aoi, it becomes hard to talk about it
because she is rarely alone. A chance is the time she goes to the
bathroom or to buy some drinks.

There are a lot of images of girls going to the bathroom together, but
at least during club activities, each person has their own schedule and
opportunities to leave, so they take their own breaks alone. Of course I
do too, but today I was always ready to put my work down so I could
chase after Koharu. I was quietly waiting for that time. Just before the
last 30 minutes of club activities, Koharu stood up and left the art
room.

I didn’t chase immediately, but after waiting for a bit, I casually left
the classroom and quickly walked towards the nearest bathroom. There I
found Koharu washing her hands. Okay, I got there just in time.

“Wakashima-san, is this a good time?”

“. . .What is it?”

A strong expression met me. It was completely different from when she
was with Aoi and everyone else. Why is she so vigilant with me? I
haven’t done anything wrong?

“Yeah, it’s about that expression. I’ve always felt like you hated me,
but I have no idea why. If there is any misunderstanding, I’d like to
work it out.”

“. . .Do I need a reason to hate something?”

“It couldn’t be helped if it’s instinctual, but surely it isn’t?”

“No, it is. From the first time I saw you, I thought it was impossible
to get along with you. – – -Now if you’d excuse me.”

While giving a gentle face, she said that clearly and precisely. Is this
really them feigning friendliness, or are they just going overboard? I
can’t accept either option, but it’s quicker and more helpful than them
trying to deceive me by saying “no, I don’t hate you.”

One-sidedly, I grabbed her arm to stop her from slipping by me. Koharu
shouted “Please Let go!” Despite that I held firm.

“What is it? Geez! I hate you, and I’m not going to get along with you!
That’s final!”

“I can’t accept that, I don’t understand why!”

“I don’t care if you don’t understand! I don’t want you to, and it won’t
solve anything! It’d just make us feel uncomfortable. Pretend you don’t
notice anything. I hate you! Hate! Since I first met you, I hated you to
death! I still think about what it would be like if you weren’t there!”

Goose bumps spread throughout my body. “Weren’t there!” bounced through
my head. That line from “Koharu” was used during Sara’s bad ending.

I thought I was just disliked, but knowing this amount of hatred towards
me was frightening. If she had her knife, would she stab me with it now?

I thought Sara was in danger, but I finally realized that I was the only
one she focused her hate on. It’s never safe.

Although impossible, if I go out with Aoi in this state, I will probably
be stabbed.

“Is it because of Shimamoto-san?”

Immediately her resistance ended. It was as if the on/off switch was
flicked. Still her hair was messed up, and her glaring eyes were blazing
into me. That distorted demon-like expression was terrifying enough to
make me tremble.

“. . .So, you know?”

“I’m sorry.”

“Don’t apologize, you’ll just make this miserable.”

“Let me do this much. Seeing as I’m the one that has distrubed your
heart this much?”

Koharu kept staring at me without confirming or denying. However the
expression was a little softer than before. Can we talk a bit now?

This is the time to stand. To win the future, not only for Sara but also
me.

“Hey. Wakashima-san. Why don’t we have a girl talk?”

Please tell me everything. Your true feelings, those not from Aoi’s
point of view. But yours. A ridiculously disturbed love.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN: When she says “girl talk(恋バナ)” it carries the meaning of “talking
about your love interest” 

Also seems like she does hate Shiori. I do wonder if they could come to
a compromise.

Anyways, the next chapter soon, I’m already working on it.

Like if you did

Also thank you once again LouisJac , I appreciate it. 


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0026_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0028_Chapter.md)

