[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0027_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0029_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 29: Exhausted

Koharu’s eyebrows wrinkled at the words “Girl Talk”. That’s right, for
her agreeing to a “girl talk” comes with talking about love. So it’s
nothing more than her confessing her feelings for Aoi, aka another girl.
Plus she wouldn’t enjoy it, especially confiding in someone she isn’t
close to.

It would be the worst place for her to leave the closet. Exposing her
feelings that have been hidden away for a long time.

“I will never deny your feelings for Shimamoto-san. I promise.”

Koharu’s feelings must have been more muddied than I first imagined. I
can’t guess it, because I’ve never experienced a painful romance like
this.

However, there is too little communication between us, and there is a
possibility that a tragedy will occur if nothing is done. To prevent
this from happening, I wanted to hear her thoughts from her own mouth.

Embarrassment, disgust, confusion. All those various thoughts crossed
Koharu’s face. She is squinting to see my intentions, And whether or not
she wants to be open to me.

While staring silently, the speaker started to ring urging us to leave
school. – – – Is it time already? With that noise we have to leave the
school gate by 15 minutes.

“. . . .We don’t have the time today.”

“Eh?” 

After I heard that in a low muttered voice, My eyes shot up. Along with
her spoiled mood, she muttered once again.

“I don’t have time today, so please, another time. I also want to
organize my thoughts.”

Those bitterly said words brightened my heart. It was negotiated through
brute force, but I feel like a bright future has opened up.

Certainly, it would be a problem if we suddenly talk about it. I
offered, but I didn’t even think about what to say. So we both needed to
sort our minds.

“Yes, thank you. If you feel like talking, feel free to ask.”

“I got it.”

After that I let go of her arm. She gently rubbed the place I grabbed.
Did it hurt? I’m sorry.

“After I think about it, if I don’t want to talk, give up.”

“At that time, invite me once again to the bathroom.”

“Please just stop, you’re so annoying.”

Koharu didn’t even try to hide her feelings of disdain, she simply
sighed. I think she still hates me, but the hate directed at me was a
little less.

It’s strange that I kinda think it’s cute. For me, a person with a
26-year old woman in my heart, Koharu just looks like a girl with an
attitude that’d fit her age.

I smiled involuntarily, and she then glared saying “what?”

“No, No. Your usual good girl smile is cute, but right now, that
heartless face, I kinda like this Wakashima-san.”

Should I call this polar Koharu, or Black Koharu? She might not be
completely honest, but this does seem to be closer to her true self.

Perhaps it was so out of left field to be told I didn’t hate it.
Koharu’s poisoned face slipped away, instead she looked at me stunned.
Her expressiveness was very nice.

“Do you know who makes me look heartless?””

“I’m sorry, I know. I’m going back, so can you return to your cute
face?”

“. . .I will.”

See you later, I said to her as I left the room. I intended to walk
through the hallway as if nothing happened, but I had to find a spot to
rest. My knees began to shake and I eventually lost my strength.

“Ah, I was more nervous than I expected.”

Is it okay to talk to Koharu again? Well, I’m scared. My heart nearly
stopped when I was told that she wished I wasn’t there.

However the atmosphere after we parted wasn’t too bad. It looks like
she’ll stab me if she loses her temper. However, that doesn’t mean we
can’t talk.

“Haah- – – I want to see Sara. I need to be healed.”

We met this morning, but I already wanted to see her face. I wonder why
Sara had to go to Tsubakigaoka. I wish we could be in the same school.
When I get home, I’m going to watch the video of the slumber party. I
need to replenish my Sara tank. Also to read some good quality Yuri.

I managed to move my quivering legs, and I returned to the lively
clubroom, with its members preparing to leave.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

TN: Told you it’d be quick. Though this chapter was very short. It was
mainly a set up chapter. I wonder how that “girl talk” will go.

Like if you did


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0027_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0029_Chapter.md)

