[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0028_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0030_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 30: Tender Times

I was still processing today’s confrontation with Koharu as I waited for
the train at the platform of the station. When I think about it, that
was the first actual conversation since we’ve met, but that exchange
only taught me that she hates me. 

I don’t know much about Koharu, especially the one that isn’t being
watched by Aoi.

Just based on club activities she is just an ordinary girl. It’s only
when she is dealing with me that she changes. From the game, I always
thought she was just a softly smiling girl who was a little quiet, but
as far as I can see today, it seems that she is not a meek girl at all.
Which makes me realize how little I actually know. The only thing I do
know is that I am not liked. . . Ah, that is overwhelming.

While wondering what to do, my smartphone began to vibrate. I just
received a line notification from Sara.

(It’s waiting for Shiori-san to come!.)

Along with that, a picture was sent where the matching mugs we bought
together on Sunday were lined up on a familiar cupboard.

What is this cuteness? I guess she is an angel. I feel like my HP bar is
recovering already. Those photos along with that comment helped me in
this exhausting time.

(I want to come now.)

(Oh, Okay. Are you coming?)

I reflectively replied honestly, but she easily accepted and invited me.
I couldn’t help but leak out loud a “Eh, it’s okay?”. I said I wanted to
go, but I didn’t think I actually could.

Well if she says it’s okay, it’s okay. I want to see her. I could use
some relief after talking to Koharu. Seeing Sara’s face will surely help
this shakiness.

(I’m sorry, but can I bother you for a little?)

(Yeah, I’m glad the mug can get some use!)

Sent along with a stamp of a celebrating panda. That was enough to make
me more relaxed.

I know it’s annoying to suddenly push myself onto her, but I’ll take
advantage of her kindness for now. I need my Sara refill. It’s simple,
when you are tired you want something sweet. In fact you desperately
want it.

I got on the train that just arrived, and hurried to Sara’s house. It
was already around 6:30 when I got there.

“Welcome, Shiori-san. Come in, Come in.”

“Pardon the sudden intrusion.”

Sara opened the door and welcomed me in with a warm smile, just seeing
her made my face relax.

I thought I was calm, but my shoulders seemed to be more tense than I
expected.

“I feel so relieved when I come here.”

“Is that so? Well I’m glad. And please, come anytime.”

Sara was just so friendly, that I couldn’t help but leak my true
feelings. It was cozy enough that I could feel my face get loose. . .
No, no, I can’t show that expression to Sara.

I’ve been to this house many times, but it’s the first time I’ve come
without the pretense of studying. So what is the reason for this visit??
“I came because I wanted to see her?” No no, I’d look like an idiot if
it’s just that. No, it is, but it’s also different.

“Hey, Shiori-san, what would you like to drink?”

“Eh? Uh, Anything is fine?”

“Well, it’s the mug’s debut, so I think we need something proper for it.
We’d usually put black tea in it, but it’s recently been hot. So how
about barley tea. . . would barley tea be weird in a mug?”

I mean, thinking seriously about what to put in a new cup was already
weird. I had to desperately endure the desire to burst out laughing.
Well, I’m just glad she is caring for me, but I never even thought about
making a mug debut. 

In my case, I think my mental age is a little higher than my physical
age. I have the knowledge and memories of my previous life, but I am
still a 16 year old girl. And right now, she is the same.

She is a little younger than me, even if I remove my previous life.
Regardless, It’s tough to endure her cuteness.

“I will take the usual.”

Disregarding my own enjoyment of the situation, I gave my request to the
worried Sara. She replied with an “Okay, Wait on the couch, I’ll be
right back.” And then went to the kitchen.

I saw her off and as told, I sat down on the sofa. By the way, I already
let my family know I was going to be a little late. I’ll go home after I
have a tea treat. 

I know I was invited, but is it crazy that I just brazenly came? It’s
not like me to be so careless.

Besides, the purpose has already been fulfilled. Looking at Sara’s face,
talking to her, makes my running low heart tank completely filled up.
The power of my favorite is truly amazing.

“Pardon the wait, help yourself!”

I then received a light blue mug filled with tea. As for Sara, she
brought her own emerald green mug. Despite the fact I didn’t even ask,
she was still happy to use a matching mug with me. Once again my heart
was filled.

I’ve thought about it for a long time, but this child has a natural gift
for making me genuinely happy.

“It’s delicious. . .It’d be bad if I stay too late, so I’ll leave after
I finish my drink.”

“Eh? Well that’s fine, it does get dangerous when it’s dark. Oh, were
you waiting for a meal to be finished at home?”

“Well actually, I just wanted to see you.”

“. . .Eh?”

“Eh?”

Sara now had a dazed face after she heard me say that. Now that you
mention it, In my message I didn’t say I wanted to meet or I was tired
at all. I didn’t tell the full story. I must be tired after all.

“Well, Um. I just came to use the mug. Did you want to see me?”

“Uh. . . Yeah.”

I thought on the spot for an excuse, but it’s no good. After I said
clearly I wanted to see her. Or rather, I can’t think of any proper
explanations because my head isn’t working.

“What happened?”

“Um. Well something did happen, but I can’t talk about it, for the sake
of the privacy of the other person. I’m sorry.”

“No, it’s fine. I’m just a little worried. . .Oh that’s right.”

Sara’s eyebrows were lowered in her concern, but then her face
brightened up like she came up with an idea. She put her mug down on the
glass coffee table in front of us. Then for some reason she took my mug
and placed it beside her.

She excitedly sat a bit back, and then hit her thighs covered by shorts
with a pompom. Carrying a satisfied face, she said “Go Ahead!”.

Um, what are you doing? I somehow understand, but why so suddenly?

“Lap pillow, help yourself!”

“Um. . .”

Should I ask why?

When I look at her, she seems like she has no doubts about allowing me
to rest my head. It made me feel weird. 

Um, maybe I’m just overreacting reacting.

Sara’s lap pillow. I honestly want to rest my head on her thin but
moderately weighted thighs. However my conscience objected to that idea.

The angel (who had Sara’s face) on my shoulder was silent as the devil
was screaming ”Lap Pillow! Lap pillow!” 

A fight was happening over my conscience.

“Shiori-san?”

“Uh, yes.”

I moved my body, and put my head on her soft thighs. The battle was
over, and my mind quieted down. 

I did as I was told and took the lap pillow, though it was quite
shameful.

In addition to me not being good with skinship, the place where we are
close is bringing my face to her lower half. It’s embarrassing to think
about my face being so close to a part of the body I’ve never touched.
Now they are meeting, which you shouldn’t do easily! How did this
happen!?

“Um. . .Why did you offer a sudden a lap pillow?”

“Well, recently my friends were thinking about ways to relax their
favorite person, and one of them was a lap pillow”

“Eh, are you trying to relax me?”

It’s true that you’d calm down and relax if given a lap pillow. Though
for me, I feel rather restless. It was like I might ascend to heaven.

“Yeah, a friend said if your companion is feeling weak you should aim
for this. To give a lap pillow when their spirits are down.”

“Eh, so you’re expecting me to relax like your friend. . ?”

“No, it’s different. That was for her boyfriend. She said it worked when
he was feeling overwhelmed or tired! So I was wondering if it’d also
work on Shiori-san.”

“Ah, I see.”

It’d certainly be nice to have it done by your lover. Especially when
you are tired or weak.

Though I doubt your friend would have guessed you’d use it for someone
like me. . .Regardless, I feel healed.

It’s not comfortable enough to sleep like a normal pillow, but the
slightly lower body heat, along with the sweet Sara scent and the gentle
stroking of my hair made it very calming. I’m extremely embarrassed,
still I couldn’t muster the strength to move. Slowly my stiff body
gradually relaxed.

“How is it?”

“It’s outstanding. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

For just a little more, please let me rest for just a little more.
Slowly healing, I’ll properly drink the tea later, and then go home.

A gentle time with no words. Within the warmth we shared, and enjoying
the touch of her stroking my hair over and over again. I closed my eyes
and calmly surrendered myself.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

A nice, cute chapter. It brought them closer together, literally.

 Sara’s and Shiori’s chemistry is extremely cute. I want to see more. 

Like if you did

/


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0028_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0030_Chapter.md)

