[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0030_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0032_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 32: How Did This Happen!?

Perhaps it was premature to say Koharu and I could be on good terms. I
won’t know until I see how the future goes. It turns out that Aoi is
almost certainly interested in me, and Koharu doesn’t like that.

Even if I have no intentions of being Koharu’s rival in love, it
probably still doesn’t make sense for me to be approaching Aoi. At least
for Koharu’s sake.

I just want to reconcile with Koharu, though I also understand how
awkward this situation is.

If anything can be said, today’s talk was meaningful, we both were able
to fully grasp what was going on.

“Oh yeah. When I saw Senpai on Sunday, I thought you were a different
person.”

Breaking up my current thoughts, Koharu remembered something. Aoi also
said that when we met.

“Oh, my casual clothes and hairstyle were different.”

“There is that, but your atmosphere was completely different from
school. It felt like you were in front of your lover.”

Hm?. . . . .Lover?

“Umm, that girl with me wasn’t my girlfriend.”

“Huuuh!?”

Eh, why are you surprised? It’s not like we heavily flirt, I think we
are just good friends. Are Koharu’s Yuri goggles malfunctioning?

“A scrunchie along with matching hairstyle, and a super sweet air around
you. What kind of friends act like that!? You even held hands.”

“Super sweet. . .We just bought the scrunchie together before we met
you, so I thought we’d put it on. We only held hands so I could get out
of there quickly.”

“You are treating them specially. . .”

“That day was her birthday.”

However I’d always treat her like that even if it wasn’t her birthday.

“Eh, what the? I, sure. . .Well, You definitely have a crush on them?”

“We are on good terms, but we’re just friends.”

“. . .If you say so~.”

It was written all over her face that she was not convinced, but my
friend is my friend. I am also aware that I am a bit too enthusiastic
about her to just be called a friend. However I will say friend for the
sake of our friendship, because there are no other words that can
clearly convey our relationship. 

However, I hesitated to tell Koharu about Sara’s special position to me.

“I really don’t understand Senpai.”

“Well that’s a shame – -But, just understand one thing. I will never go
out with Shimamoto-san. Too bad for her, but I’m rooting for you.”

“. . .Got it.”

There was a sigh of relief. It may have been all worth this just to tell
her that.

Or rather, she now believes I’m dating Sara? Koharu is completely
convinced, so perhaps Aoi is also misunderstanding?

It’s strange that she didn’t even ask, but I don’t want to talk about
Sara to Aoi in the first place. Ah, it’s kind of frustrating. How did
this happen!!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

It would have been something else if I were to go home with Koharu,
though she seems to dislike the idea. So she left the chapel, and I was
the one left behind. 

Then a rattling noise came from the entrance.

I looked back to see whether Koharu came back, however it was a teacher.
She is also the student council adviser. The president complained that
she is an advisor in name only. She’d only serve as the link between the
staff and the student council.

Her age is probably in her late 20s. She wore rimless glasses, and is
always in a generic female teacher suit. Her name wasn’t mentioned in
the game, however she did appear in some of the stills. She was also
secretly popular and gained her own fans, even spawning “Is this teacher
a target for capture?”. . .However I was only a fan of Sara.

“Hello, Sugimura-san. This is a rare sight, I did not expect to see you
here.”

“Hello. I usually don’t come here, but I wanted to take a break in a
quiet place. The air conditioning also works in this spot.”

“Ahh, it has been hot these past days. I met Hojo-san earlier, and it
seems that you are working for the student council now?”

“Eh? No, I wouldn’t say so. The President does all the work, I happen to
help a little.”

I’ve never been told to work on the weekends, but what about Yoko and
the others? Perhaps I’m exempted because I’m part time. Yesterday
afterschool, I heard that we were on good pace, but perhaps we aren’t’?

After greeting the smiling teacher, I left the chapel and headed towards
the student council room in the old school building. I wanted to check
in and see if they needed help.

Because it was the weekend, the inside of the building was dead quiet.
All that I heard was my leather shoes making a light noise as it echoes
in the unpopulated hallway. I felt that the tranquility was lost with
the squeaking, so I walked as gently as possible.

As I approached the student council room, step by step, I could hear a
faint voice getting closer. Somebody was inside the room.

“Ah, Hey! . . .Geeze, Stupid Yoko!”

It was the president’s voice. Is Yoko also there? Is she bothering the
president again!?

I approached the door with a bitter smile and my anger growing, though
right as I was about to touch the nob, I sensed something was off.

It was a strange thing, I could hear a voice leaking from inside. . . it
was erotic.

No way. I listened closer to see if I was wrong. I could intermittently
hear the flirtatious voice of the president, and the sounds of Yoko
fanning on the flames.

No no no no no. What are you both doing in such a place! How careless
can you be? If a teacher found you, wouldn’t you both be expelled?!?! If
you are going to do it, do it at home ! !

As a Yuri Otaku, I can’t help but think “Way to go! More Yuri!” but as a
common sense person, I would have no choice but to be troubled, thinking
“I didn’t want to see(hear) my Senpai and my friend having a love
affair!”

This is bad. I have to somehow stop them, I can’t let them be heard- —
Okay let’s go back stairs again, and come down with loud footsteps,
while also humming a song. Surely they will notice. They should be able
to stop, and greet me with a face feigning ignorance. Let’s do this.

In a sense, at that time, I tried to gently backtrack and I had a
feeling of tense more than when I talked to Koharu.

One Step At A Time. . .

“—!!!” 

The chime of the bell took my breath away. I didn’t mean to, but it
startled me, and I accidentally let go of my holding bag. The metal part
hit the floor making a sound. 

Did they hear that? I hope they didn’t hear it. 

Just pay attention to the chime.

I bet they couldn’t hear anything, so I turned towards the stairs and
tried to escape, unfortunately it wasn’t that easy.

“Yess. She is my girlfriend. Wait right there.”

The old side-door mercilessly opened with a rattling noise, and a well
known cheerful voice stopped me.

What the, how could she be so calm? Wouldn’t it be nice to be a little
more cute or be impatient, even pale? She isn’t mad at me at all? This
is confusing. I’m not convinced!

Regardless, I had no options of escape. So I had to wait in the hallway
until the two people in the room were ready.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Yuri has officially entered the building. Though it was none of the main
cast. I wonder how Shiori will react with real Yuri before her.

Like if you did.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0030_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0032_Chapter.md)

