[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0036_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0038_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 38: Nursing

It was morning, ahead of summer vacation. I was changing into my uniform
when my smartphone rang on my desk.

I was in the middle of buttoning my shirt, when a message from Sara
Fujioka was displayed on the screen, so naturally I stopped everything
to read it.

(I’m sorry but I wont see you this morning. I feel like I have a cold,
so I’m taking a day off.)

(How is your cold? Do you have a fever or a cough?)

(My fever is 38.6°C(101°F) . I don’t have a cough, but I have a
headache. I’m just going to quietly sleep.)

(Okay. Do you have any cold pads, or medicine? Do you have something
easy to eat?)

(I don’t have any medicine, but I do have a cup of udon noodles, so that
will work.)

(Alright. When I’m done with school, I’ll deliver you supplies, so
please contact me if you want something.)

(You sure? It’s bad if I rely on you too much.)

Since the first time we’ve met, this kind of reluctance hasn’t changed.
Despite that I insisted, I was a little pushy when it came to Sara.

(You have no right to veto. I’m going)

If I must, I will make you forcibly healthy. If I don’t do this amount
she might not be OK.

So I was a little relieved when she surrendered saying (Thank you, I’m
rescued)

“And that’s why I need to take a day off from student council work.”

Sara takes precedent over it! I told Yoko the first thing in the
morning, and she slowly nodded and said “Okay. . .I’ll tell the
president.”

If I’m honest, I’d prefer if I could have taken a day off from school,
but I know it isn’t a good enough excuse. Even if there was a mystical
door that could take me to her, Sara would be really worried if I showed
up during school time.

“What about Sara-chan’s family? Double Income family?”

“Ah, yeah, they both work. Looks like they won’t be home until late.”

“I see, that’s worrisome.”

To prevent crime, the fact that she is living alone is being kept as a
secret.

Normally she is fine, but at times like this living alone would be
lonely. Especially when you are only 16 years old.

“Don’t take advantage of a weak child.”

“I told you before, it’s not like that.”

As usual, Yoko seems to think I’m in love with Sara. Since the student
council president incident, the sexual harassment remarks have decreased
a little, and I feel that the number of times we talk about Sara and my
relationship has increased. Or rather, it’s definitely increased.

No matter how many times I deny it, it feels like she just says Yeah,
yeah, and it’s being swept away. It’s a little irritating.

“As a friend I’m simply worried.”

“Eh, well. So then if I was all alone and confined to my bed, would
Shiori go through the trouble of making sure I’m okay?”

“I’ll never go.”

“Ahaha, See!”

Don’t See! It’s not like that.

For Sara it’s a good idea. She lives alone, is cute, is younger, and is
my favorite character!

It’s not love or anything like that!!

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Ice pads, cooling sheets, cold medicine, sports drinks. Also canned
mandarin oranges, canned peaches, pudding, jelly, along with eggs and
green onions for making porridge. The meal could be kept in the fridge
so she should be able to eat it whenever.

I rang the intercom from the first floor, I hope it’d be okay if she
could do this much. After a little lazy voice answered, the auto lock
door was opened for me.

I was wondering what to do if she was asleep, but I got lucky.

“Hello, Sara. . .Still sick?”

The one who greeted me at the entrance was Sara, with a red face and
weak looks. I’m sorry, I may have forced her to overdo it.

“I’m sorry, you can go to sleep again. But first, I brought medicine and
cold pads, so please use it immediately.”

“Thank you. . .”

I escorted Sara to her futon and placed a chill pad on her forehead. The
ice pad I bought was already cold, so I can use it right away. It’d be
too cold to put it on her directly, so I made sure to wrap it in a towel
first before resting it on her head. Seeing her expression softened made
it obvious it worked.

“For medicine. When was the last time you ate?”

“. . . About 11:30.”

“Well, then you should eat something light first. Do you want pudding,
jelly, peach cans, or mandarin oranges?”

“. . .I want to eat peaches.”

I didn’t think she’d want to eat. It’s good, apparently she has an
appetite. Giving her a “Wait a minute. So I borrowed her kitchen.”
leaving her in bed.

I put the supplies in the fridge, opened the canned peaches, poured the
peaches out onto a glass bowl, making sure not to give to much so it’d
be a comfortable portion. I put them on a tray along with medicine and
water. Then I carried it to the bedroom.

“Sorry for the wait. Can you please stand up?”

“Yeah. . .”

She can’t eat lying down, so I supported her back as she slowly raised
her body. The back I touched was hot and moist from her sweat.

I sat down to her level as I presented the bowl of peaches, though she
just vacantly looked at it. I wonder if it’s be awkward to feed it to
her. I stab a peach onto the fork and brought it to her mouth, she
simply opened her mouth and ate it.

“. . .Delicious.”

“—————–!!”

This is nursing! I’m nursing!

She smiled a little after saying it was delicious, that shot through
me. 

My senses like always are scattered from her cuteness. The destructive
power is outstanding, and I have no counter play.

(Don’t take advantage of a weak child.)

I think that happens in a “Nursing Event” in a game, but of course I
won’t do that.

Before the nursing event I thought. “Why would you do that to a sick
person? In the first place, I don’t even feel that for her.” I realize
now why Yoko meant..

The destructive power of her cuteness has increased greatly.

I understand. Yes I understand.

She trusts me, moistened eyes, cheeks that are red, a burning body, so
weak it makes me want to protect her. It’s no wonder my love has greatly
increased.

Well, I don’t think I’ll do anything because I don’t have any romantic
feelings!

I’m really excited, but this is because my heart is trembling as my
favorite character is being precious ! !

Sara finished eating the peaches and took the medicine. I hope this will
make things a little easier.

I put the tray on her side table and encouraged Sara to lie down, though
before that could happen she grabbed my shirt at my waist.

“. . .Is Shiori-san going home?”

She asked in a lonely voice, her head tilting onto my shoulder, I
couldn’t keep up with her.

Perhaps she doesn’t have the physical strength to cling, but her hands
are turned to an extent where she is leaning against me.

Her body got hot. The heat from a weeping Sara, and her scent of sweat
softly rose, my head went dizzy as she nestled against me.

I unconsciously swallowed.

“I’ll be here.”

She gave a slight faint reply, muttering “I’m glad.” onto my shoulder, I
put her head to my neck to spoil in a small embrace. Through her shirt,
I felt a shallow sigh. It’s hot and sweet, and something. . .Was
bursting.

I grabbed her shoulder, making her leave my embrace, lying her down
slowly.

She was comfortable as a cat. I put my hand on Sara’s cheek as she
buried her head into the pillow, I looked down from above, but she
didn’t seem to know what appearance I had.

With her eyes closed, she rubbed my hand against her cheek. Comfortably
muttering “Cold. . .”

Finally, her head was chilled. I understood what I was doing, and my
body began to have a cold sweat.’

“G-Good night. . .”

I escaped from the bedroom. The door closed and I immediately hugged
myself as I slowly collapsed onto the wall, sliding down to the floor.

What did I just do? What on earth did I try to do to that child, to
Sara!?

I couldn’t believe it, I don’t want to believe it. No way I would want
that. It was the first time the desire to ignore reason came. Even in my
previous life and present life. At that time, when I pushed her down, my
face was dyed with desire. I’m glad her eyes were closed!

(Don’t take advantage of a weak child.)

I can’t laugh at Yoko’s warning anymore. 

I was just about to reach out to her. To try and touch a weakened Sara
without her consent.

I always said it wasn’t love, but the main excuse was because I didn’t
want to touch her. But I can’t make that excuse anymore. I realized I
couldn’t.

–   –  Is this love?!

The other person is more important than anything else, I want to be by
her side, I love her. This feeling of greed and ferocity is enough to
ask for all of her. Something like that, could I tame?

It’s a one sided love. Though this isn’t the love I knew. I thought love
was more fun, and sparkling. What is this!

“I didn’t want to know. . .”

If I didn’t notice it, we would have been happy together.

Harboring these nuances, while being guilty of wanting those things from
her. From now on, I wonder how I should act by her side? In the first
place, is it okay for me to be by her side?

This despair was a bottomless chasm. I couldn’t move for a while.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Well it’s here. The big revelation. Shiori knows now, for better or
worse. Now it’s just Sara. 

Next chapter might take a little longer. I want to complete a chapter
for the Yuki onna story. A new chapter finally came out. Shouldn’t take
long, that story is much easier to translate than this one.

Like if you did.

Also thank you once again Sleffy! Glad you are enjoying the story. More
chapters are coming soon.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0036_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0038_Chapter.md)

