[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0039_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0041_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 41: Student Council Meeting

I used to not only love Yuri, but love Shoujo manga as well. When the
characters get their heart broken, they are shocked and cry in their
pillow all night. I wouldn’t have thought you’d eat a lot after as well.

I cried a little, slept well, and was hungry. I ate a lot of food.
Apparently my spirits were pretty low.

When I met Sara on the train, she had recovered. Although I was still a
little upset. Although it didn’t show outright on my face.

“I’m glad you got well so fast, but don’t overdo it.”

“Yeah, I’m still taking cold medicine.”

Having a peaceful conversation settled my heart somewhat. However I then
suddenly heard a very desperate heavy voice, saying “Um”

I reflexively looked to the unknown voice, there was a boy with a bright
red face in a Tsubakigaoka uniform.

That alone made me sick, I knew what was about to happen.

I understand the feeling. Those attracted to my favorite person are
reasonable. Sara is cute. It can’t be helped if you like her. But please
if possible, don’t confess to her in front of me. Even if she refuses,
it’d be hard to withhold my feelings. How would I react. . . If she said
okay. I couldn’t imagine it.

“Um, Actually- – -”

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Yesterday I cried so much and ran out of strength. I mustered all I
could in the morning, and from then it’s all been down hill. Both
mentally and physically.

I took my classes seriously, and made sure not to fall asleep. I even
had to work class duty. Now, I’m on my way to help the student council,
it’s really great!

I skipped yesterday’s work to take care of Sara. I can’t skip today as
well, I have no excuse. Though if I’m honest, I want to just go home and
sleep.

I lifelessly arrived at the Student council room. Only the President and
Yoko were here.

Usually there is a vice president, accountant, and another secretary.
Though when I looked around nobody came yet. Apparently they would be in
the staff room for a while.

“I’m sorry for suddenly calling off yesterday.”

“Ah, don’t worry about it. Is your friend better?”

“Yeah. She is already back to school.”

I think it’d be best if she rested for another day, but if I said that
I’d be teased by Yoko for being overprotective.

I didn’t tell Yoko what happened yesterday. I feel like we will
eventually talk about it, but I don’t feel like talking about it now. At
least until I digested it more. Though that isn’t the only reason I’m
frustrated. In the end, How did she know it already? Why did Yoko and
Koharu notice it? Is it because they are the unrequited love
professional?

“Regardless, it seems that this morning was eventful. I heard from
Yoko.”

“Oh, yeah. . .”

“A confession from a student from another school, on a train no less?
Well then, doesn’t that sound romantic?”

“President. The way you are saying it makes you sound like an old man.
So how about we stop there.”

“. . . .Okay.”

Maybe she was self-conscious of it, because after I said that the
president was talking like an old man, Yoko began heavily laughing. And
the President returned to her usual spot. Once again starting her work
with a lifeless face.

I thought work would be easier than everyday life. My aim for a peaceful
life, where on earth did it go. It wasn’t supposed to be like this! How
did this happen?

The confession from that boy wasn’t for Sara, but instead for me.

Even if I’m a sub-heroine. My face is reasonably good, and my breasts
are large. If I said this out loud it could start a dispute. But it’s
usually the case that girls with good faces, small breasts or big
breasts will be popular.

This isn’t the first confession I’ve got.

However, it is the first time I’ve been directly confessed to on a
train. Before going to home base, they’d usually just give me a love
letter. I wish they’d give that much consideration. Plus above all, it
was in front of Sara.

. . . .Those lukewarm eyes filled with pity. That child must have been
through similar experiences.

“It was an annoying morning, because one idiot from my school who just
happened to be too excited on the same train had to instantly spread it
all over my class. I rejected it immediately anyway.”

“I wasn’t too excited. It’s just fun.”

“That’s even worse!”

I’m in a very bad mood. I glared at her with all my might.

“You rejected him, because there was a “person you liked”.”

“Yeah, it was a lie too. I borrowed Tomoda-san’s wisdom.”

“Hmm, Really~?”

“Really.”

I haven’t seen her face. But the president gave me a smile with a “Hehh”
or a “Hmm” something like that.

I know what she wants to say. I would like it if you could be honest,
but she’d probably suspect my feelings under investigation.

Regardless, the President was listening at the side-line.

“I don’t believe it.”

She then spat out with an amused smile. 

. . .That’s unnecessary!

“I think so too! Shiori hasn’t been making eye contact all day.”

“Yeah, Sugimura-san is a really bad liar.”

“What? Did you finally admit it? Did you finally realize it? Why don’t
you share with your sisters in detail? Let’s talk.”

“Truly, Yoko is speaking my mind. I want to hear too.”

As expected they are in sync. Or rather, could you both not approach me
with excited faces? This insync couple!

Especially the President. I can hit Yoko with no reservations, but I
can’t attack the President.

Yoko. Please don’t talk about it in front of the President, She doesn’t
know anything.

“I think Yoko should remember the meaning of tact.”

“There is no word in my dictionary, neither is there restraint, or self
control!”

“Throw away that broken dictionary, and buy a new one!”

Yes there! The President isn’t buying it either!

This couple doesn’t hesitate to show their thoughts. 

But it is tiring, I want to go home.

“Well, I’m not going to talk without thinking. However Shiori is the
type to hold it all in, so it’s best if you just let it out. Because
this is a topic you can’t tell that other person.”

“I mean, that may be true. . .”

“Also if you are going to talk to me eventually I’ll tell the president.
So just talk to both of us at once!”

Yoko is such an idiot, but that’s how she is. I was an idiot who
believed she’d keep it to herself. I can’t take the words of a missing
words girl.

However I can’t deceive them, they’ve seen through it already. I didn’t
think I was so bad at lying. Though it’s a different story with the
unrequited love professionals.

Hahhh, I took a small deep breath to calm my mind. I was going to talk
about it someday, so it’s fine now.

“I haven’t organized my feelings yet, so I can’t really talk about it. I
realized it, but I’m not going to do anything to bother her.”

“Ah, hold on. I don’t know the story. What kind of person is your
favorite person?”

“Um, that. . .”

“It’s the girl she was visiting yesterday. A first year student at
Tsubakigaoka, she is a really pretty girl.”

“Huh, I see.”

Yoko gave a quick run down for me, but there is some stuff she is having
a hard time explaining. Of course I like her face, but Sara’s charm
isn’t just her looks, but the cuteness oozing from inside, her
hard-working personality, and so many more. . . no it’s too hard to
explain.

In the end I talked about yesterday, omitting the pushing her down, and
the crying. Also I told them about inviting her to visit my home after
being it being requested by my mother, and even going to the firework
show together. I saw eyes filled with sympathy. They wrinkled their
eyebrows like troubled French bulldogs, but it’s not necessary. I would
love it if you stopped. It’s just making me more sad.

“As you know, It might be hypocritical for me to say, I don’t mean to
say that love must come true, but are you okay with that Sugimura-san?
Isn’t it pretty hard to stay friends?”

“It’s okay. I understand it’s tough, but Sara’s happiness is my highest
priority.”

“. . .What about your happiness?”

I wish I believed it could happen. Without the dream I might have had
hope if I worked hard enough it could. 

However I know if I confessed to Sara and she accepts, I would just be
the replacement for her partner in the dream. Instead of Aoi it’d be me.
It could be better seeing as Koharu won’t stab her, however Sara would
be tortured. Maybe she’d be become truly fond of Aoi in the happy ending
of the game- – -However I’m not Aoi.

“I can’t do that, but I atleast want to be by her side to help with
that.”

“I see. Well, I won’t say anymore. You had helped me with a lot of
stuff, and it’d be painful to talk more about it. Also if you are going
to the firework show I have some bleacher tickets, so please have them.”

“Eh? No I can’t. . .Didn’t you get them for yourself?”

“The bleacher seats are for sponsors. I get some every year because of
my family connections, but I’m glad if you can use it because I always
have a surplus.”

I thought the President would want to go with Yoko. However, now that I
think about it, she is an examinee. Perhaps she can’t go to the firework
display this year because of cram school, or studying. Though the work
of the Student council seems to be a larger hindrance to studying rather
than any fireworks display.

“Firework displays are quite crowded. If you don’t go early, admission
could be restricted, but if you have a ticket you don’t have to worry
about it. Besides the risk of losing Sara-chan in the crowds to some
weirdos is less likely. . .”

“Thank you very much. I graciously accept.”

I didn’t think of that risk! Thank you for the proposal President.
Though Yoko quietly muttered “Overprotected. . .”

Though as Yoko said, talking about it has helped organize my feelings a
little. A love that isn’t rewarded and can’t be told to them, maybe I
couldn’t hold it in. So thank you for that. The president listens better
than Yoko. Though they both gave me their ears.

It would be perfect if this feeling could settle down back into
friendship, but it’d probably be too difficult. As a romance novice, I
couldn’t imagine my feelings would change during this summer vacation.

The day of the closing ceremony is a few days after that talk. 

I received my report card and it was much higher than last year, and
after that I just went home. When suddenly I received a rare Sara call.

“Shiori-san. . .Please, come over soon. . .”

The happy mood surrounding summer vacation starting the next day
disappeared. It was immediately subdued by a sobbing plea. Sara, who is
always reluctant to ask for anything, is call for me. In the first
place, Sara doesn’t easily cry. I can only imagine it was something
important to her.

I packed up my bag in a hurry and immediately rushed to her house.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

A somber chapter, Shiori is giving up mainly because of her dream. I
guess it makes sense. Although I wonder what Sara is suddenly calling
Shiori over for?  Sorry for the delay due to irl problems. 

Next chapter is a Sara pov chapter. So look forward to that soon.

Like if you did:

Also thank you once again to Sleffy. We can only hope she does stumble
upon it.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0039_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0041_Chapter.md)

