[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0041_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0043_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 43: A Grave

Filled with urgency, I left the classroom to rush to Sara’s house. After
I found out she was still at school I asked if she wanted me to pick her
up, however she told me I didn’t have to go that far. So I just waited
at the nearest station by Sara’s house.

I sat on a bench by the platform, waiting for the train carrying Sara to
arrive. After a passenger train completed its stop I could see people
streaming out from the exit, and that’s when I saw her. 

Despite her being far away, I could clearly see she was depressed. With
shoulders low, She walked dejectedly down the path. She had a gray
background behind her, it was like a manga or anime. With a stiff
expression I called out to her as she walked, she then raised her face
in a hurry as I quickly approached.

“Sorry, Shiori-san. Calling you out so suddenly. . .”

“It’s okay. If you’re in trouble, I’ll always rush to you.”

“. . . . Thank you.”

I wanted to reassure her like she was sick, so I reached out to stroke
her head, but her shoulders tensed.

No, she’s definitely scared. I don’t know what’s happening. However I do
know we can’t talk about it here.

“Shall we go home?”

“. . .Yeah.”

We carried our bags while we silently walked down this familiar road.

Glancing at her, she is in an expressionless state. She was steadily
walking, no tears or grumbling. Something must have happened, but right
now she seems despondent.

She was just happy to talk about summer vacation plans on the morning
train. Now it’s different.

Finally after a longer than normal walk we arrived at Sara’s apartment.

Pardon the intrusion, as I went inside and put my luggage down.

I was eager to begin our talk. But what I saw as I turned around
startled me.

“S-Sara!?”

About three steps going inside the house Sara began silently crying.

It must have all hit her when she arrived. Immediately I moved closer,
however like a child she grabbed onto my clothes. Then her tears started
to pour harder.

Her shoulders shook, as she shed tears and tears. Only her voice didn’t
leak.

Although it was still clumsy crying. It seems that she was earnestly
crying now. If I wasn’t here she would have wet her pillow alone.

“You’ve been holding it in, haven’t you?”

“. . .Yeah. . .”

I felt guilty about touching her before, but now isn’t the time.

I pushed away my unrequited love, I rushed forward and hugged her as I
lightly stroked her back.

What happened?

The last time she cried it was in relief, but now it’s something
different.

I know something has happened, however she is still in the midst of
sadness.

I waited for her to settle down, and once it was a sob, I guided her to
the sofa to let her sit down.

“I’m sorry I lost my control. . .”

“It’s okay, don’t worry about it. When you calm down, could you tell me
what happened?”

“Yeah, actually. . .”

I didn’t expect to hear it all. However she surprised me about how much
she actually gave me. I quickly learned she was confessed to by a girl,
but little by little I finally got a somewhat full picture of the
situation.

  
“I see, it was Tomoda-san. . .”

It felt like a truck hit me when I heard a girl confess to her. But I
could understand why when I heard it was Tomoda-San.

Tomoda-San was the driving force behind helping Sara get out of her
isolation. I heard that she always doted over her and cared about her as
well. Sara must have trusted her alot.

That’s why. . .Ahhhh!—–!

I understand why Tomoda-san did that, if anything I sympathize with her
alot. I painfully understand that feeling. Sara is cute! I don’t know if
Tomoda-san originally liked the same sex or it was limited to Sara. If
such a cute girl always let her guard down around you, and then you
began to harbor those feelings as you shared skinship. It’d make sense
why she’d be head over heels.

“Hey, so why are you crying? Were you shocked because you were confessed
to by another girl? Or do you feel like you were betrayed by
Tomoda-San.”

“U- wah. I don’t think it’s uh. . .something betrayed. . .”

“Ok. Then why?”

“. . .I wonder why.”

I’m listening.

It’s not easy to consciously cry. It’s hard to understand when various
emotions are mixed together, and many reasons pile up in your head. Some
people cry even if there is no reason.

Still I wanted Sara to organize her feelings, so I asked this question.

Mostly it’s for my ego, but a little for Sara.

“Tomoda-san was different from the other people. . .Because she took
care of me alot, she knew about my faults, yet she still said she liked
me. . .”

Sara talked little by little. I understood it more. I was ready for a
lot of bombshells based on how she looked, but it wasn’t that deep. She
was unfamiliar with relationships, uninterested in them, and didn’t have
any special skills regarding it, so therefore she never thought she’d be
the target of love from somebody that knew her.

That’s why she was confused when someone she’d never expected said they
liked her. She was shaken that this close relationship could be broken
just like that.

“And I don’t know what it is. . .If the same sex also see me as a target
of love, I’m afraid that someday my other friends might feel the same. .
.”

“That is. . .Well, I can’t say.”

She wouldn’t ever dream that one of them was right besides her. What
would happen if I expressed my feelings now? I’m curious, but I won’t
put it into practice.

As she leaned down, I stroked her head. She started and stiffened just
like at the station.

“Do you not want me to touch your head?”

“No, I don’t hate it- – -It just reminds me of Tomoda-Senpai.”

“Oh. . .”

Tomoda-san’s impact must be large.

What to do? I could comfort her and say “You can still return to being
close friends again”  but I don’t know if that can actually happen. And
with Sara’s confusion it may be more difficult.

However it can be said that Tomoda-Senpai isn’t a special case, and that
there will be others in the future.

Of course Sara is cute and attractive, but this is originally a Yuri
game world. Just looking around there is Yoko, the President,
Tomoda-san, Koharu, and other yuri characters everywhere. Oh, and me
too?

The possibility in this world that same sex could easily fall in love
can’t be ruled out.

I do wish Sara would like another girl. Or rather, I wish she loved me,
but that’s near impossible.

“Um well Sara. I think it’s time you become aware of this, so I will
tell you- – -You’re a very attractive girl.”

“Eh, w-why all of a sudden!?”

“It’s not sudden. I’ve always thought you were very cute, honest, kind,
hardworking, with a charming smile, and a very wonderful girl.”

“- – -oh, Shiori-san, that’s.”

A pang hit me as I saw Sara swallow her spit and stared at me with a
terrified expression.

Ah, Dammit. Did she understand? Saying it like this can’t be helped, so
I guess she’d misunderstand. I was careless.

Ah, but. . . I don’t want to say it.

“It’s not a confession. . .I-I’m not looking at you as a love candidate,
so rest assured. We are friends?”

I think I was able to make her smile. I pushed aside the pitiful voice,
I think I could salvage this conversation.

However after she heard my words, Sara showed an obvious relieved face.
Seeing that stabbed and shredded my heart.

I don’t intend to confess, I don’t think this love will ever be
returned. Although she didn’t say in her own words she denies my
feelings, it is easy to imagine how it will go. Whether said in words or
not, the conclusion is clear. I can’t confess.

“I want to say that Sara is a wonderful girl, so you need to be
confident and aware of it. Before you used to say that you had low
self-esteem, but you can’t return to that.”

“But That. . .”

“There are no buts. At least from my point of view you are that kind of
girl. Maybe to Tomoda-san too.”

“. . .Understood.”

I gently pat Sara’s head as she reluctantly agreed. She didn’t seem to
be shooken up this time.

“I don’t think it’s easy to change your self-esteem, but you must keep
in mind. You are attractive, so it can’t be helped for both men and
women to fall in love.”

“Isn’t that too narcissistic?”

“So what.”

I gave a funny shrug in response, and she finally giggled. Has she
calmed down a little? That face at the station seems to have
disappeared.

I watched closely, until she finally gave a big sigh and rested her
head. She dove her head onto my lap.

I couldn’t do anything but give a small laugh.

“I wanted to do this one day.”

“. . .Oh, when you’re tired or depressed, you want a lap pillow?”

“Yeah. If I feel any depression, I am going to ask for Shiori-san’s
lap.”

“Well then, please help yourself.”

Like in those stories, if you get a lap pillow when you’re weak, you’d
also fall in love?

I wish it was that easy, but in the first place you wouldn’t coax a lap
pillow like this if you had romantic feelings.

Ah– — It’s hard! I chose this path, but it hurts too much!!

I could praise my self-control though, as I stroked her hair with a
nonchalant face. Her hair was smooth! She feels warm! Her sigh was
thrilling!

“Thank you, Shiori-san. I love you!”

“. . . . Yeah. I love you too.”

Haahh. Not like I love you.

From the bottom of my heart, I love this cute, lovable, and cruel child.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

 Weather report came in for the week, cloudy with a high chance of
angst.

I wanted to get this chapter out quickly because I knew people wanted to
see it. Well it was sad. It was obvious though. Hopefully Sara’s
feelings will change, but it’s on her to make that move. For obvious
reasons, Shiori has already given up. . .

Well, Like if you did

Also huge thanks to Sleffy again! I happy you are enjoying the story!


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0041_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0043_Chapter.md)

