[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0044_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0046_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 46: Sara’s Family

After spending an hour having a cup of tea with my mother, I took Sara
to my room on the second floor. Dinner is going to be fried chicken,
which is one of Sara’s favorite foods, so we’ll be called down later for
dinner.

“Hehh-, Your room is just like I imagined. Yeah, it feels like
Shiori-san!”

“What do you mean it feels like me?”

“Umm, it’s simple but also casually fashionable? And the curtains are
light blue.”

“Ah, I guess. The number of things your favorite color will grow without
you even being conscious of it.”

I’m a little happy that you think the simple but casually fashionable is
like me.

However my room is usually a little more cluttered, so in a sense it’s a
more personal room.

I put a lot of effort into cleaning my room, up until late at night. So
that’s why my room seems so simple, though I’m relieved it looks good.

“Oh yeah, you can use the bed when we go to sleep. I’ll sleep on the
spare futon we have.”

“Eh, you sure? It’s your bed, so you should use it. I’ll sleep on the
futon.”

“You’re my guest, so you should use the bed, okay?”

She was still reluctant. Recently she has been more comfortable with
accepting gifts, but change is rarely easy.

She reluctantly nodded, and I patted her head, she then smiled and gave
a little thank you.

“Well then, we’ve decided where to sleep, and I’ll have something nice
for you.”

“Something nice?”

When I brought something from the bookshelf.  
Sara’s eyes shone immediately.

Yeah, that was the face I did this for.

“A family album!”

“Yeah, Didn’t you say you wanted to see it before?”

“Yeah I want to see it! Can I see it?”

I handed it over and she turned to the cover. Opening it politely she
began to take a closer look starting from the first page.

Another thing to note, I secretly started to edit this album after
hearing she wanted to see it. So naturally I carefully selected the
pictures that looked cute, and exempted the half-eyed and drooling
pictures of me.

A girl only wants their crush to see their cute side.

“Tiny Shiori-san is cute! Is that your brother and sister with you?”

“Yeah, that’s them. I was the youngest, so I was spoiled when I was a
kid.”

“I see. You look a bit similar to your brother.”

“Well, my brother and I look a bit more like our father, and my sister
takes much more after our mother.”

My father has a pretty nice face, even from the daughter’s point of view
he is pretty good looking. He used to be popular growing up, but now is
the typical home Papa that dotes over his daughter.

My mother also has a gentle and lovable face, it isn’t a flashy gorgeous
face though. from what I heard from my sister and father after they both
agreed, surprisingly that face is more popular. I guess that’s how it
is.

My sister takes after my mother more, and thanks to my sister’s gift for
learning, my older sister is a college student that seems to be having a
fun time with her boyfriend. I’m jealous.

“Which parent does Sara look like?”

“I wonder. My father said I took the best parts of both of them. Ah,
though I think my mother is swedish.”

“Oh, maybe.”

I thought she was, but I have the game knowledge. Its sometimes hard for
me to remember what are things I learned from the game, and what are
things I heard in this life. I have to make sure I don’t inadvertently
leak it out. Because why would I know that? I have to be careful about
what I say.

“Oh, I haven’t talked much about my family, right? I have said they are
overseas right?”

“I didn’t know that either.”

“Eh, I meant to say that earlier. Sometimes I do talk to them on video
calls, oh yeah, when they come back to Japan, they said they wanted to
meet Shiori-san.”

“Uhh. . . Now I’m nervous.”

Could my stomach handle being introduced to the parent’s of my favorite
person? My secret feelings seem to be out of control now. I’ve never
been this nervous when seeing my normal friends’ parents.

In order to look cool in front of Sara I need to give a confident face
especially after Sara said ” Shiori-san will be okay!”.

I should take stomach medicine before I meet them.

“By the way, why did your mother not know you could cook?”

Sara tilted her head as she said. Our parent talk must have reminded her
of my interaction with my mother.

I wished that would have flown over her head. Whatever I said there
wasn’t good enough.

“I didn’t learn from my mother, but I learned by myself as I cooked when
she wasn’t here.”

“Eh, you really did that? Wouldn’t she notice the ingredients
disappear?”

“I wonder about that. But I don’t think she noticed.”

Of course it’s be weird if the person who manages the fridge didn’t
notice stuff going missing. A cold sweat could be felt going down my
back, my deception was wavering.

“Usually you’d notice that. . .Ah, maybe.”

“Maybe. . ?”

Maybe I remembered my past life? Sara gave a serious face. I don’t think
she’d say it, but my heart was racing as I awaited her words.

“Maybe, you cooked at your boyfriend’s house. . .”

Her suspicion flew in a ridiculous direction. 

Where on earth did she get that idea?!?

“No, because I’ve never had a boyfriend.”

“But! Shiori-san is wonderful, and it’s really weird that you don’t have
a boyfriend even though you are really popular.”

“You say that, but you are much more popular than me, and you aren’t
dating anyone, right?”

“Ah- . . .That’s right.”

Perhaps that was enough, because there was a ehehe laugh and that was
the end of the story. It seems that I managed to avoid the cooking talk.

I couldn’t help but break a small smirk, she just casually said I was
wonderful. Fufu, wonderful. . .

“Oh yeah, my mother doesn’t know everything. Like me being able to speak
English and Korean, also dabbling in self-defense, and wearing a yukata,
etc. So It’d be helpful if you could keep that a secret.”

“How could you learn all that while hiding it?”

I probably haven’t convinced Sara, seeing as she called it strange- –
-but she gave up asking because I wouldn’t budge.

The knowledge of my past life can not be exposed more than necessary.

In the future, it’d be safer to not leak out more talents that I haven’t
made in this life. 

I’m starting to regret running my mouth talking too much in the past. I
need to seal my lips more.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Shiori’s past is catching up to her. I’m sure there will be even more
inconsistencies will pop up. I wonder how Sara will handle those.

Like if you did

Also once again thank you Sleffy. I can promise you, there will be more
fluff in this arc!


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0044_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0046_Chapter.md)

