[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0045_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0047_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 47: No Resistance?

Chapter 47: No Resistance?

How did this happen?

I thought in the corner of my mind while looking down at Sara. She was
pressed underneath me onto the white sheets of my bed.

“Hey, Sara. Remember when I said that you are very attractive and loved
by both men and women?”

What came to mind after seeing Sara’s eyes was shocking. Is she not
scared by this? Both her arms were trapped by me, I was pinning her down
with my body, she was completely ensnared.

However, my heart was hurting. Despite this her trust in me was still
unwavering.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

 So each of us took turns taking a bath. 

After my father came home, the four of us peacefully ate dinner. Our
usual dinner was lit up alot with an additional person, and It seems
that Sara was really enjoying that atmosphere. It is almost comical to
believe that this was the same nervous person shivering before my house.

Sara took the bath before me. Taking a bath after your crush is. .
.well, I had a lot of things to think about. I felt like an adolescent
boy.

I’m in the group of people that’d leisurely take baths even in the
summer, but today I was too restless, so I just took a shower.

When I stayed at Sara’s house I took a bath after Sara, but I wasn’t
aware of my feelings then so I was fine.

I returned to my room feeling like an adolescent boy in the body of a
high school girl. The person who’s been on my mind was waiting on my
bed.

Lightly dressed, barefeet, in that hot fluffy state after taking a bath.

What the heck is this torture? How could I not think about this? No,
it’s not like I didn’t expect this when I invited her over, but reality
has easily passed my expectation. I have no choice but regret my failure
to prepare later.

I never thought how destructive the power was from seeing your favorite
person relaxing on the bed you always use.

“Welcome back Shiori-san.”

“Yeah, I’m back.”

Just from this exchange, I’m near a nosebleed.

“It’s still too early to go to bed, but I’ll go get my futon. It’s also
good to get it while my mother is still awake.”

The real reason is I don’t have the courage to sit besides Sara.

“Do you really need to lay out a futon? Can’t we just sleep together?”

“No way. It’s hot, and narrow. I’m sorry but I can’t be your hug
pillow.”

“Eh, it will be okay if we turn your Air Conditioner on. Let’s stick
close together and sleep.”

I don’t even know how to respond. . .! Why did we decide to stay at my
house instead of her’s then? 

I would like it if you’d stop fanning these adolescent boys’ feelings.
I’ve been trying to suppress them for a while now. Because it’s
dangerous! Dangerous for you!

“Heyy, can’t we sleep together?”

She took my hand after standing up, inviting me with an innocent smile.

- –   –  This isn’t good.

The lines that you must not cross were easily trampled over. She was
amazingly defenseless. What popped into my head was not those ulterior
motives or an adolescent boy’s hidden feelings, but a quiet irritation.

Here as a good friend, and as an older sister figure, she may need to be
quietly reprimanded.

I knew that would be the correct answer. I knew it well, but that
irritation that arose did not allow me.

“You really are. . .”

I untied our hands and grabbed Sara’s shoulder – – -slowly but with
considerable force, I pushed her towards the bed.

Riding the inertia from leaning over her, we fell onto the bed. I
restrained her hands near her head. She looked up at me in surprise.

The caramel-colored hair spread out onto my bed, as the scent of her
shampoo fluttered up and into my nose.

“Hey, Sara. Remember when I said that you are very attractive and loved
by both men and women?”

“Y-Yeah. . .”

“Well I don’t think you are being vigilant enough, or this- – – is going
to happen.”

Holding her body close to me, her upper body was blocked from moving.
Her legs were sticking off of the bed, so I left them alone. 

The softness of her clothes made my head flutter. How happy I’d be if I
could strip off that obstacle, and see her soft skin hidden beneath it.

Yet despite her being laid down by me with these desires, Sara’s face
was simply puzzled. Why?

Now matter how pure she could be, she wouldn’t be so stupid to not know
what’s going on. Even more with her saying she wants nothing to do with
love. It’s impossible she doesn’t know.

Now it makes me want to try seeing how far I could go,

“Sara. . .Close your eyes.”

I said as I approached her face, and she closed her eyes tightly in a
hurry.

Eh, She heard that right? Do you understand what it means?

That means a kiss, but you aren’t resisting?

- –   –  Is it okay?

I gazed at her nice colored lips.

If I was to say if I wanted to or not, of course I want to. I really
wanted to. I want to seal her lips with mine, just to taste it. Sara
isn’t resisting. Her eyes are closed too. So it’s okay, right?

I slowly dropped my face, shortening the distance. 

And- – –

\*Gong!!!\*

When the distance came zero. Our foreheads hit.

“Ouch\~\~\~\~~!”

“It didn’t hurt, the pain will wash away. You didn’t resist at all, you
don’t know when to quit!”

“But-!”

After doing a headbutt, I quickly retreated from Sara. That position was
dangerous. I don’t know if I could stop again.

“No buts! You were in a spot where you could have been robbed of your
firsts, not just your first kiss!?”

“I know, but Shiori-san’s sex appeal is too strong? Or rather, oh my
gosh I was surprised by how soft your breasts were. . .Um, plus if it’s
Shiori-san then I wouldn’t hate it, so I guess it’d be okay.”

What is this, you trust me way too much.

I mean, you closed your eyes saying. . .you wouldn’t hate it? Then
please tell me how far you would endure. . . actually I’m too scared to
know.

“You were supposed to hate being pushed down. I’m really worried.”

“It’s fine, I’d push them away if it was someone else!”

“Do the same with me. Well, I’m going to grab the futon, so please
reflect on it.”

“O~K.”

With that send off as she rubbed her forehead, I left the room.

Now alone, I realized what I did, and processed Sara’s reaction. I’m
really at my wit’s end.

It was dangerous. It was really dangerou! I wonder how I could last
another two nights with her.

While scrutinizing my previous exchange, I sighed as I walked down the
stairs in self-deprecation.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

We were so close! Also how Sara responded. I mean, she was fluster or
blushing, rather shocked. But that reaction can give us some hope! The
Yuri flag hasn’t fallen just yet.

Like if you did:

Also thanks sleffy once again. Yeah, prepare for the fluff. We have some
more chapters coming.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0045_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0047_Chapter.md)

