[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0046_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0048_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 48: The Temptress with an Airhead Façade

 It was already past 9 o’clock when I woke up. It was probably because I
couldn’t sleep well last night.

Having a hard time processing what I’ve done, rising uncertain feelings
after Sara didn’t refuse, and the arousal as I remembered the softness
of her body when I held her tightly. I couldn’t relax at all last night.

Even more, because Sara was sleeping right next to me, leaving me behind
in my distress.

However, when I noticed her sleeping in spite of our incident, I
realized she doesn’t even look at me like I am a possible love interest.
It’s nicer than her being afraid, but her not even being aware of it
means there isn’t even a possibility.

I vowed to be a friend, so this is the reality I will be hit with, I can
only endure it.

“Hah, time to get up.”

My bed is empty, so Sara must have gotten up first and went downstairs.
She was my guest, but I ended up oversleeping.

“Good mornin. . .g?”

Once I got to the first floor, Sara was in an apron standing in the
kitchen. I’ve seen her in an apron many times at her house, but seeing
her at my home is something else.

“Good morning, Shiori-san.”

“G-Good morning Sara.”

“Right on time. I just finished breakfast, I was thinking of waking you
up.”

I should have slept in! ! ! 

Breakfast finished and then she came upstairs to wake me up. . .What a
dream situation. Is Sara my childhood friend? My little sister? My Wife?

Please be my wife!

I was used to seeing Sara’s apron so I thought I was immune, but that
assumption fell apart. She held out a plate with a freshly made omelet.
Sara looked on with a smiling good morning. The sight of Sara saying
good morning with a smile and meal is a divine portrait.

“Thank you, oh where is my mother?”

“She already left for work. Ah, I also got permission to use the kitchen
and ingredients.”

“Of course you would, you’re so reliable.”

“You think? Shiori-san’s mother said toasting bread was good enough, but
it’s a sleepover! So I had to cook something larger.”

She is an angel! There is an angel in my kitchen!

“Thank you, I’ll make tomorrow’s breakfast.”

“Awesome! Oh, it is getting cold, so let’s eat.”

A plate of plain omelet with garnish of lettuce and cherry tomatoes,
along on the table was yogurt and mineral water. It was a heartwarming
sight.

What should I do, it’s be a waste to eat. 

However it’d also be a waste not to eat.

“Itadakimasu!”

I took a spoon and scooped a bit from the omlet.

It’s delicious. The outside is fluffy, and the inside is soft. Just how
I like it.

Omelets were the first thing I taught her, at first the shape was messed
up or it was overcooked, but the one I’m eating now is a long shot from
that. Of course the color and shape is also beautifully done.

“It’s really good!”

Sara was staring at me as I ate, and then gave a relieved smile.

“It’s fluffy and delicious! You’re good at making an omelet.”

“Ahaha, I have been practicing. For a time I’ve only had omelets for
breakfast.”

“Really? Hmm, recently you’ve been able to safely cook now. I don’t even
think I need to teach you, if I give you a recipe you could make most
things, right?”

“Yeah. I cook on the weekdays, and I think I’ve improved a lot. However,
I want us to continue to cook on sundays. It’s fun to cook together.”

“Oh, of course.”

Recently it’s been us cooking together rather than me teaching. It was
fun to try not only simple recipes, but also some more elaborate dishes.
Perhaps it’d be fun to make bread and sweets next.

When I was living alone, I never thought about cooking elaborate dishes,
but with Sara I can enjoy cooking anything.

I progressed to eating the rest of the meal with my chopsticks, however
It was a little uncomfortable because for a while now, Sara was staring
at me with a smile.

“Sara, aren’t you staring too much?”

“Eh? Ah, sorry.”

Perhaps it wasn’t intentional, because she shyly turned her gaze.

“It’s kind of like we’re newlyweds.”

“Gofuul!!!”

Ha. . .Yogurt in the back of my nose! Pain! My nose hurts! It burns!

“A-Are you okay?”

“Hurts. . .O-One second. . .”

With tears in my eyes I held my nose. Sara rushed to me.

Hastily she handed me a tissue to blow my nose, but I couldn’t get rid
of the pain by blowing my nose.

I wish you wouldn’t have dropped that bomb when eating. . .

I mean how far does she. . . the way she says some things, does she
notice my feelings? I kind of doubt it.

“Hahh. . .I’m fine.”

“Good. Ah, you surprised me.”

“That surprised me.”

The yogurt did surprise me. Although what Sara said before was a bigger
shock.

“Yesterday I got too carried away with my joke, but that joke is. . .”

“Ahaha, Sorry. It just flew from my mouth.”

It’s bad if we keep talking about it. It seems strange if we get into
it. Haah, I shouldn’t be a joke. Regardless of my inner feelings, I
thought my outside appearance would always have been good, but I’ve been
looking more and more uncool since I realized I was in love with Sara.

I wish you’d forget that embarrassing sight.

“Well, I’m overreacting now. Also about yesterday, I’m sorry for the
prank.”

“Oh my gosh it was a shock!”

“Oh, is that so? Considering everything, you were pretty calm about it?”

“Well I was just surprised because Shiori-san was so voluptuous that I
couldn’t avert my gaze, and I was shocked by how soft your breasts are!
Like how is that possible!? It’s crazy!!”

“You were surprised, because of that. . ?”

I couldn’t help but hang my head in disappointment.

Usually you’d be surprised if you were pinned down in a romantic sense,
but it wasn’t even a big deal for Sara?

Also just saying because I was sexy or my breasts is making this tough,
because I don’t know how to react. If anything, I’m getting more
embarrassed.

“Big breasts are so soft. Like Munyu, or like mugyonn?”

“What is that onomatopoeia? Don’t treat my breasts like some kind of
mysterious creature.”

By the way, I’d appreciate it if you’d stop stealing glances at my
boobs. It doesn’t bother me as much when it’s Yoko, but when it’s Sara
it creates a dilemma within me.

I gently guarded my chest with my arms, and Sara looked a little
disappointed.

“It’s a foreigh life-form to me. Despite the fact we should be the same,
it’s another world.”

“Whatever, so that was the thing you were surprised about when you
closed your eyes?”

So the effects of my chest were that strong.

So if Sara likes big boobs that much, does that mean I have a chance? .
. . No, it’s different for her.

“Ahaha, Also I reflected on it! I was a little confused, but can you
listen to my explanation?”

“Eh, go ahead.”

“I closed my eyes because I was confused, right? I noticed it then. I
remembered the other days that some girls from my class said if it’s
with another girl it doesn’t count, so I thought it was alright. But
still, maybe it’s just too embarrassing? “

Ahhh, she said it! If it’s girls it doesn’t count!

The one saying that you never want to say in a yuri setting!

How many 2D and 3D girls had their hearts broken because of that dumb
rule.

In the first place, Sara hadn’t had any decent friends for years, is she
still that immature with how to deal with female friends? So she is just
accepting everything she hears. If she was told that by her friends,
other than knowing better, it’s not unreasonable if you think it’s not
strange.

Please I beg you, do not give this child any more strange advice.
Otherwise my heart may not be able to take it.

“Sara. . . Only the type of people who are really close and have no
problem with skingship would ever kiss a friend. Because there are many
people who aren’t okay with it.”

“That’s right! It’s embarrassing after all!”

“Yes, so even if it’s a girl about to kiss you, you have to refuse it
and stop thinking it doesn’t count.”

“O-K.”

Once I got that good reply, the story was over. It’s a bit
disappointing, I felt relieved, and have mixed feelings now after
hearing why she didn’t refuse the kiss. Like I didn’t expect to hear
“Only because it was you. . .” It was stupid thinking that, but it was
still a let down.

In any case, she can never know that her friend is actually a wolf in
sheep clothing, and was seriously worried about robbing her lips. It’s
really good we didn’t have to have that talk seeing as I stopped. 

In that way, I got to organize my mind and put those words in my head.
Feeling slightly refreshed, I stood up trying to put the dishes away.

“Ah, but I wonder if it is Shiori-san it’d be okay to kiss?”

One cup was sacrificed after hearing the temptress’ words.

Truly, really, it seems that Sara will continue to abuse her power.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Took alittle bit more time with this one, there were a lot of sentences
that gave me trouble and took alot of time to figure out, so I hope they
ended up being accurate. Anyways, big oof for Shiori, but kinda obvious
for now. I wonder if Sara is getting the hint or atleast noticing how
Shiori freaks out when she is teased, because she keeps doing it. She
has hinted about noticing Shiori getting embarrassed.

Anyways, like if you did:

/

Also thank you Sleffy, it is hard to tell if it is fluff or not. I
really thought these sleepover chapters would be more fillery and light.
But they are revealing a lot more plot than I imagined. Just in how the
characters are feeling. I am enjoying it though.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0046_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0048_Chapter.md)

