[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0048_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0050_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 50: Can’t Sleep

 As I expected, during dinner my mother would often say things like “I
wish you could stay here longer.” Regardless of her wishes, she will be
going home tomorrow as planned.

Sara spending time here is fun for a few days, but staying at a friend’s
house for a long time can become a problem. Even for me, it’s easier to
spend time with Sara at her house than at my house.

Even so, I’m having doubts after I see my mother enjoying a conversation
with Sara, it seems that my mother is charmed by Sara just like I am. 

“Sara-chan, I heard that you didn’t live around here in junior high
school, so why did you choose to go to school in this area?”

“Ah, I also am curious.”

Due to the game setting, I thought that it was destined for Sara to go
to Tsubakigaoka, however now that my mother mentioned it, I have never
thought about why she is here.

It’s strange that she would choose to be alone and not follow her
parents after they were assigned overseas. Given how she was treated in
junior high school, you’d think she would want to follow them.

“I’m close to my grandmother’s house. However I can’t stay with her
because she is living with my uncle’s family, and there is no room for
me, but I was told I could rely on them for anything.”

“Is that so, it’s nice to have relatives nearby. But aren’t your parents
worried about leaving a cute girl like Sara alone?”

“Yeah. They were quite opposed to it, but for some reason I had a strong
feeling to stay. . . so I tried my best to persuade them!”

Sara proudly smiled, but her feelings of staying may be because of a
coercive force from a Yuri game.

If Sara goes abroad, one of the sub-heroine will disappear from the
game. The universe would not like that.

“I was given the condition that I could remain here if I was accepted
into Tsubakigaoka. My grades at the time made me more likely not to be
accepted, but miraculously I was able to get in.”

“You worked hard for it.”

“Yeah. My father thought it was impossible, so it was a surprise for
him, but he was still happy for me, though he did say he’d miss me a
lot.”

Was it the compulsory force from the Yuri game, or was it the result of
Sara’s hard work? It’s impossible to know.

However, we should be vigilant because that possibility cannot be ruled
out.

If Aoi attacks us from the flank, there is a real possibility that Sara
could be attracted to her. I need to be careful.

“There are times when I feel lonely living alone, but I’m truly glad I
stayed. I made friends at high school, and I met Shiori-san.”

Sara looked at me and smiled as she said that. Huh?

It’s not that bad if it’s just us two, but saying that in front of my
parents. . . I’m having a hard time reacting. I was too worried about my
parents’ eyes so I gave an ambiguous smile and a “Yeah”.

However it was my mother’s sharp eyes that quickly noticed.

“Ara, this is rare. Are you perhaps embarrassed?”

“I’m not embarrassed.”

“Eh, are you being shy again? So cute!”

“I’m not shy!”

What a strange combination! Even if I change the subject, these two- – –
or more likely my mother, won’t forget it. Dinner passed while my father
warmly watched over three women’ loudly banter.

One thing I learned is that Sara and my mother should not be paired
together. In my head, I put a “Don’t mix together” label between the
two. 

Perhaps I’ll need to tear them apart in the future.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

After taking a bath, I laid a futon down in my room once again. I was
relieved this time because Sara didn’t tell me to sleep with her.

“Um, I’m thinking about talking to Tomoda-Senpai. . .What do you think?”

While the two of us sat on my bed, we talked about what to do. It’s
still too early to go to bed, So before this with a made up mind, Sara
said “I’d like to talk a little”.

Has she been thinking about it ever since? I thought the Tomoda-san talk
was over, however it seems that Sara isn’t done with it.

“What would you talk about?”

“I refused reflexively, perhaps it’s just my ego but I don’t like
leaving things as is. . . I want to hear Shiori-san’s opinion.”

“I see. . .”

What she wanted was to have a proper conversation and not just end with
the words “I’m sorry”. Tomoda-san was a cherished friend and she wanted
to express her gratitude to her. 

Once again opening the wounds for both people, it’s something I can not
recommend easily.

However I understand the frustration when a relationship is broken
without getting all your feelings out.

“What kind of relationship do you want to have with Tomoda-san?”

“What kind of relationship. . ?”

“I think this depends on what you want.”

Tomoda-san seems to have said she’d want to get along as a senior and
junior once again. I don’t know if that’s true, but it’s worth
discussing if that’s what both really want.

“. . .It’s not going to be the same as it used to be. It may be awkward
at first.”

“I think so too.”

“But if we can get along still and don’t want to say goodbye. Then I
hope we can talk again little by little.”

As she talks about her dreams, it reminded me about how nice she is.

If I confessed to her and was rejected, would Sara say the same thing?
Or would she think I betrayed her and try to distance herself from me?

We go to different schools, and it would not be able to easy to meet if
she decided to change her school route. Even if we are close now, our
relationship is very fragile. 

“I wasn’t sure how to tell you this, but Yoko actually called me on the
night of the closing ceremony.”

“Eh. . ?”

“I’m sorry about keeping quiet. I wanted you to not think about it and
enjoy your time here, and I was planning on telling you when you sorted
out your feelings a little more, but you settled them faster than I
expected.”

“It’s fine, but. . .What did Yoko-san say?”

How should I explain this? The call from Yoko was of course about
Tomoda-san.

Yoko was very shocked, because Tomoda-san confessed to the friend she
introduced her to. I confirmed what Tomoda-san told Yoko, but Yoko was
also worried about me.

As far as I could tell from Tomoda-san’s story, It was more than her
being rejected, she seems to feel really regretful about it. She knew
that Sara was afraid of romance, but she couldn’t control herself and
confessed.

(I will comfort Tomoda, so please give Sara-chan my regards. Also if
this is too much for you, please contact me.)

I gave my thanks for her kind words, but after that I lightly vented an
already declared intention of just being friends, I got a light ridicule
in response “What a wonderful self-destruction”. I don’t really get it.

“Tomoda-san, seems worried and also feels guilty about what she did. So
we should check with Yoko and see if it’s okay to talk.”

“. . . Yes, please.”

“Okay. I’ll tell you when I get a reply.”

If she heard Sara wanted to talk, how would she feel? Would she feel
happy that she’s cherished, or sad that her love could not be returned,
perhaps even angry by the cruel good intentions? Perhaps all of them?

Regardless, I hope the child hugging her knees beside me won’t get hurt.

While we thought about it, I felt her leaned onto my left shoulder. 

“Hey, Shiori-san, what do you think about love between two girls?”

Do you need to ask me in this position!?

Even though I took a bath, I strangely began to feel sweaty. My heart
was racing at a ridiculous speed. Ahh, despite the fact she doesn’t know
the sinful thoughts I harbor. She is asking me this?

“If the feelings are mutual, I think it’s good. . . What do you think?”

“I don’t know.”

An immediate answer! !

I mustered up all my courage to ask that, but was met with
disappointment. Though I’m a little relieved, because my heart would
stop if I was told (It’s unthinkable) from her.

“If I think about it being someone else’s love, I think they should do
whatever they want, but when I think about it being me, I suddenly don’t
really know. . . For example, if I fell in love with Shiori-san.”

“Eh!?”

“Ah, for example! It’s just for this scenario!”

“Y-Yeah, for example! An example!”

Even if she emphasized “For example” that many times. . .I’m still
shaken.

“It’s no longer just friendship, we’d be holding hands and kissing, and
continuing what happened yesterday, right?”

“. . .Yeah. I hope you can forget about yesterday.”

And it feels like this talk is going in a dangerous direction.
Eventually I’m sure she’d end it saying, “I couldn’t imagine it” or “I
don’t want that.” Even if I haven’t confessed, I’d be rejected and
disheartened.

I clearly see the road! I’ve read how this goes many times in Doujins!

“S-Sara, um this. . .”

“We can easily connect hands. Kissing and going beyond. . .Ah.”

“W-What?”

“If I’m with Shiori-san, it might be better for you to be pushed down
rather than you pushing me down.”

. . . .Pardon?

  
“I think I’m physically on top, what do you think?”

“W-What do I think, um. . .”

I can’t follow this conversation!?!?

We were talking seriously a little while ago, but how did this happen!?

“Y-You have a strange imagination, so let’s please end this talk. .
.what do you think?”

It would be a lie if I said I never imagined this situation, but I never
thought it’d come out of Sara’s mouth.

I can’t do it. There is no way I can stay calm talking with Sara about
this while in this late night tension.

My earnest response caused Sara to burst out in a strange laughter.

“Your face is bright red! As I thought, cute Shiori-san would suit the
bottom for sure. Hey, Should I push you down now?”

“N-No way!”

I threw a pillow towards her face. It was a brilliant hit, Sara was
knocked off the bed. It was safe because there was a futon cushioning
her fall.

“Hey!”

“That’s what you get for saying something stupid!”

From there we rushed into a pillow fight, and once Sara was satisfied
with the first pillow fight of her life, we went to bed. Of course I
couldn’t sleep.

What would happen if I allowed her to push me down? Could there be a
chance after that? Would Sara and I remain platonic, or could she have a
romantic interest after?! All that comes to my mind.

Would it have been okay to be pushed down? What!? Even after pushing her
down, I never would have thought about me being on the bottom!?

Ah, geeze. I’m so stupid! I wish I would have taken the temptation and
obediently been pushed down! The perfect time to use this my pointless
sex appeal!

That night. A long time later, I found out that just like me, Sara
couldn’t sleep. 

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

IMPORTANT ABOUT SPOILERS IN COMMENTS:

**Okay something a bit more serious. I understand right now we are in an
ambiguous part of the story. Everybody wants to know what will happen,
so of course some people will read ahead. But Please, PLEASE, do not
write spoilers of any kind in the comments. So far the spoilers have
mostly been light, and obviously not malicious, but I’m afraid that
eventually somebody may** accidently slip in a major spoiler. The reason
I say this is because not knowing what will happen is a major motivator
for me. I do not read ahead, I read up to how much I translate, so I am
reading along with everybody else. I have fun speculating with everybody
else in the comments. So please do not spoil anything. Now back to
lighter stuff.

We are there, chapter 50! And is this a glint of hope?! Let’s hope so.
Also Shiori is a bottom for sure. 

Like if you did.

Also once again thank you sleffy. Seems like teasing will become a
trend!


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0048_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0050_Chapter.md)

