[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0049_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0051_Chapter.md)



# Chapter 50.5

TN: This is a bonus chapter to celebrate 1000 bookmarks. It continues
chapter 50 past the ending. The author felt like it was a bit wasteful
just to have them sleep, so she wrote this as an extension. Like a what
if story.

If you have a syosetu account, perhaps consider giving this story a
bookmark. [Link](https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0307gl/52/) to this chapter
if you want to bookmark the story from there.

\*This is not in the main story.\*

“Ahaha, okay, I’m tired! And sweaty!”

We had a pillow fight until we were both exhausted. It was like we were
kids on a field trip.

Sara and I were heavily breathing, shoulders ragged, and both rolled
onto our respective beds.

My hair was unkempt, and even though I already took a shower, I was
uncomfortably sweaty.

“Ahahaha, that was fun! I always wanted to have a pillow fight.”

“This was actually my first time too. If you had fun then it was worth
it.”

“Eh? Did you not have fun?”

“No, I enjoyed it. Besides, you’ll get a good sleep if you feel tired
before bed.”

I think I may be too old to have a pillow fight, but it was surprisingly
fun.

I did wonder what to do when I flug that pillow at Sara. After the
rampage that followed, it brought back feelings of when I was a child. I
can’t help but feel refreshed.

“Let’s go to bed. Could I turn off the lights?”

“Yeah. . .Ah, wait. I want to go to the bathroom before going to bed.” 

Sara got up to get out of bed. However when she stood up, she slipped on
the futon below.

“Kya. . !”

“Watch out!”

Perhaps because of my sheets, or exhaustion. Sara, after looking so
giddy, fully collapsed.

I quickly stretched out my arms to be a cushion for her.

Sara fell on top of me. This isn’t good. No, it’s good that she is safe,
but now I noticed how close her beautiful face is.

“Are you okay?”

I asked while she was in a stunned state. She nodded although still
surprised.

“Yeah, I’m okay. I fell on the futon, and Shiori-san protected me. . .
thank you.”

“Good. If so, could you back up? You are. . . a little closer.”

I couldn’t talk at this distance, so I turned my head to the side. We
are too close. She is so close, and the distance between our faces is
about 15 cm. If I peek up a little, our faces would get to a place we
could kiss, but I cannot face her while my heart is so shaky.

Moreover, Looking up while being pushed down and thanks to the
backlighting effect of the room’s light, is making Sara more divine by
about 30%! Hahh, I already like her! But this is priceless! ! 

Anyways, isn’t this too crazy? This isn’t limited to Yuri, but any
romantic comedy “ I accidentally fell and pushed you down☆”. I never
thought there would be a day when I experienced it.

When those scenes appeared in a manga, anime or novel, I’d laugh and
think to myself, “that would never happen”. It was popcorn
entertainment, but now it’s here! As expected of a Yuri game world! ! !

Although I’m too distracted and stuck in my own head. So I’d like for
her to get off quickly, but she didn’t easily retreat.

For whatever reason, when I turned my gaze to face her, our eyes
perfectly met. She was staring at me.

“Hey, what are you looking at! It’s embarrassing, so get off. . .”

“Well, It’s because bashful Shiori-san is too cute.”

“Cu. . .You’re teasing me again.”

“Well, I really think so. You’re too cute.”

At that moment I thought I would die.

I want you to imagine it.  Pushed down by your favorite person, close
range. Eyes near, and saying you’re cute with a smile on their face.

That’s why it’s too lethal. It’s too violent! I’m against violence!

“It’s the opposite of yesterday. In the end, it feels much better for
Shiori-san to be on the bottom rather than the other way around.”

“You don’t have to say that. There won’t be this opportunity . . .
again.”

Sara’s right hand rested on my cheek, and her thumb touched my lips. My
words stopped as I looked up at Sara again, her face was even closer
than before.

This is awful. I do not have the confidence to hide my feelings at this
distance. My body is hot, my face is red, it has been rising for a while
now, and my heart is pounding to the point it can be heard. At this
distance Sara will notice it!

“Shiori-san, close your eyes.”

Sara said mimicking yesterday’s words.

This is bad. I might cry If I close my eyes and receive a counter
headbutt. My eyes were locked onto her light red lips, I could reach
them if I stood up a bit.

I want to say I like it. If I could say it, Surely it would be easy.

“Shiori-san.”

After hearing my name I gently closed my eyes despite my quivering
hands.

No way it can be easy. She was just hurt by Tomoda-san, but she probably
trusts me the most. If she found out that I am also attracted to her
just like Tomoda-san, it’d devastate her. What more she’d know after
pushing me down at a sleepover.

That needs to be avoided.

“Please, Sara. Can you get off, I already surrendered.”

Perhaps because it was a serious request, she nodded and finally raised
her body off me.

Maybe she regrets what she has done too much as she is cutely sitting
upright with a childish face, like she was waiting to be scolded. I
can’t say anything to her after all.

“Let’s stop doing this.”

I said that and laughed. With relief “Yeah, I’m sorry.” Sara apologized.

That is the end of this story. It was just too much for my heart.

– – -But it’s impossible not to think about. I can’t forget looking up
and seeing her expression. Her voice as she said I was cute, and the
softness of her thumb when she touched my lips.

“Hey, How about you go to the bathroom? Then let’s go to sleep early.”

“O-K”

After seeing Sara leaving the room, I fell onto my futon. I could
finally relax. I’m exhausted. My spirit was smashed to the point where
the pillow fight was incomparable. My HP was already zero before this
happened.

I decided to have Sara turn off the lights, and I quickly sneaked
underneath my comforter before anything more could happen.

However, what should I do? I may not be able to sleep tonight either. I
felt like I could still smell Sara from within comforter I’m hiding
under.

\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~~

Here is a nice filler chapter. This one is not canon, at least I don’t
believe it is. So a what if story. Even in the what if they didn’t kiss.
. . Not much more to say, next chapter will continue to 52.

Like if you did:

Also Thank you Sleffy, true, they have no shame. 

Also Seungwander if you liked the pillow fight part, this is even
better.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](0049_Chapter.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](0051_Chapter.md)

