[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_2.md)



# Chapter 1: Let's Dance (1)

**Volume 10**

-----

“Princess, you’re so beautiful!”

“Th- Thank you.”

I was in the midst of changing clothes, surrounded by dozens of royal
maids.

In the morning, a ceremony was held in which the throne was passed from
my grandfather, His Majesty the King, to my uncle, the Crown Prince. The
ceremony for Timothy’s appointment as the Crown Prince was held in the
morning. By afternoon, the new King and Crown Prince will be unveiled to
the people gathered in front of the Royal Castle, and the whole country
will be in a festive mood.

Wasn’t this too much of a forced schedule, no matter how much it’s meant
to hold back the anti-royalists?

Since I was also showing off the fact that I have become a royal family
with the right to succeed to the throne, I was also the person of honor.

Sigh…. I really needed to be healed by playing with Cyril.

Last night, my mother, my brother Cyril, and my sister Athena finally
arrived. I was relieved that Noa and Fani were escorting them. Even
though I knew they were going to be okay, I was extremely eased when I
saw them arrive safe and sound.

But Cyril was fast asleep in Sister Athaline’s arms, so we only got to
play a little in the morning. It hurt when he pulled my hair, but it
really somehow didn’t hurt.

During the ceremony, Cyril was playing in a good mood on Rinne’s lap
while Rinne was having a sour face for some reason.

After the parade around the royal city had been completed and the
announcement to the public was over, it was time for the nobles to
attend the party.

It’s already my fourth change of clothes today! I thought I could just
go with the usual black and silver dress or that white and silver dress,
but I got a big no-no from my father.

I didn’t feel like wearing the black silver dress because Tina has
changed the design a little bit. Moreover as a princess, a daughter of
the duke, and a saint, she told me not to wear black.

I guess I can’t wear black after all……. And my right of succession to
the throne has risen from fifth to fourth place. Since it’s an
auspicious event, it’s no wonder.

That’s why I was wearing the white silver dress. However, I was scolded
because the back was too open and they said it’s too early for me to
wear such clothes. Queen Elea-sama forgave me, and I was a bit
embarrassed about wearing it too, so it’s fine.

That’s nice, but every time I changed my clothes, I got surrounded by
dozens of maids.

And since the dress was made super-accelerated just for today, fine
tuning will have to be done on the spot. It didn’t have an automatic
size adjustment function like my previous dress, so I had to stretch my
hands up high while they were adjusting the dress…I have no strength
anymore, my hands were trembling.

In the Holy Kingdom, soft corsets were in trend now, rather than stiff
corsets. However, it’s still painful when it gets tightened.

My body was optimized by the power of the devil. However, the fact that
it was optimized meant that it only looked beautiful to people,
different from the waist that aristocratic women desired.

“Yuru~”

Ah, my friend came.

Appearing in my dressing room was Bertille, the sorry looking
dark-haired beauty who was the daughter of a marquis. She was a friend
of mine and Timothy-kun’s fiancée.

When I saw her again at the castle, she looked at me with tears in her
eyes and said she was worried about me…

“Betty, are you done over there?”

“Yes, I’m done here. It took a long time, but…”

“Yeah, that dress looks good on you.”

Betty has really become pretty over the last two years. She was two
years older than me. That meant she was 15 years old now, but I think
she has really grown up and would look great standing next to Timothy.

“…So don’t make that miserable face.”

“But…”

Betty blinked her eyes and hung her head low. It was a real shame
because she’s a beautiful girl.

The reason why Betty was so tired was because it was so hard to adjust
her dress. However since for the most part it was Betty’s fault, she
can’t complain.

I don’t know where she heard it from, but Betty asked me to ‘strengthen
her chest armor’.

Betty wasn’t small in any way, but she’s still being looked down on by
her big breasted sisters who were still actively trying to get to
Timothy. And Shelly, who was no more than 14 years old who was also by
her side, didn’t look like she was a 14 years old with that size.

I made a very clear explanation already, you know? There was a
difference in growth between individuals.

My technique was an application of ‘otherworldly wisdom’ only from our
perspective. It had the effect of promoting growth but it could only
work when there was room for growth.

It was a very elaborate and advanced magic. It applies sacred magic to
\[Regenerate\] and \[Revitalize\] substances that have stopped growing
in the chest, and use \[Recovery\] and \[Healing\] to promote growth
that have been stopped.

So it has no effect on people who have no more room to grow…for example,
Tina.

Presently, there was a “secret trick”. However, the special sponge that
Tina developed was a “sub-object” that invaded and parasitized the human
body, which is why I banned its use on everyone involved, including
Tina.

It’s not dangerous, but it may be troublesome? I told Betty that, but
her determination remained the same and I had no choice but to spea the
secret name “Holy Mother’s Mercy.”

When asked if it was success or failure, I could only say that it was a
success for the time being. We didn’t see that much of growth, but she
was very pleased that she was able to get a little cleavage.

After all, the dress worn by us senior aristocratic ladies was a lady’s
battle uniform.

It was totally made from scratch depending on the order after careful
measurement. The “grade” was different from the high-quality ready-made
products that the lower class aristocrats bought.

It’s a weapon to annihilate the enemies who fight on the cruel and
bloody battlefield and to survive.

It may only be a few centimeters, but even if it’s just a few
centimetres, you still have to modify your dress so that the blade
deviates from your heart by that small difference.

Seems like all of Betty’s seamstresses will have to stay up all night….
I felt sorry for the seamstresses.

Betty’s struggles were self-inflicted. But It’s such a cute silly thing
to do.

Well, aside from that unimportant story, we’re currently going to the
party.

“Ludrick, please escort.”

“After two-year have passed you surprisingly…”

Hmm? Is he going to say that I become prettier?

“You got more gutsy.”

How rude. I just got used to it that’s all.

The truth is, if it was the usual I will enter with father and mother
through the door for the noble, even though I have the right to inherit
the throne, I am still only a daughter of the Duke after all. But this
time I will enter through the door for the royal family.

Well, it’s for a variety of reasons, for one it’s to show the nobility
that the Saintess of Salvation has sided with the crown, and because
Rick hadn’t decided on a fiancée yet and I didn’t have a man to escort
me because I didn’t have a fiancé either.

As for me, I’m fine with Rinne as an escort, but Rinne is not an
aristocrat.

Of course, me and Rick wil both have men and women come up to us like
piranhas flocking to raw meat at the drop of a hat, but I don’t want
those status-grabbers.

Engagement is such a headache, but to keep me inside the country I have
to get engaged with a domestic nobleman.

This is not a good thing, could the royals be thinking about engagement
with Rick?

But if I hurriedly decides on a fiancé, I will be putting mud to the
face of the Sylber nation, which has approached me with an official
emissary for an engagement.

As someone who knows what’s going on behind the scenes, I don’t mind
tripping over as much mud as I can, but if I do that, other countries
will see us as that kind of country, and they might not like the idea of
having me in their country, so I’ll have to wait until the second prince
of the Church Nation politically studies abroad to see what happens.

What a troublesome country, the Church Nation is. ………Shall I destroy it?

“… Yurushia, your expression looks bad.”

“Oh my, oh my. Ufufufu.”

My grandfather escorts my grandmother. My uncle escorts Elea-sama.
Timothy escorts Betty. And finally Rick escorts me and we enter last.

Rick’s hand gripped mine tightly. Is Rick nervous?

Oh, I see that Shelly is escorted by Noel. I know you’re there, so stop
waving.

First up is a dance with us four groups. I’m a little skeptical too, but
I wonder if Betty is alright? Ever since Betty came to the castle, we’ve
been straining ourselves practicing our dance moves although our dance
moves are still quite awkward.

Rick was surprisingly good at dancing and leading the way. He usually
has a sour look on his face, but with a smile like that, he’s like a
prince in a storybook.

When we finish, the nobles now begin to dance. Father and mother dancing
together looks lovely.

Noel and Shelly also start dancing and I leave. I begin my work, dodging
the many male aristocrats who try to ask me to dance.

There are some thick faced southern aristocrats who weren’t directly
involved in that rebellion, but I’ll leave that stuff to Rick and
Timothy to deal with. It’s a boy’s job.

First of all, I have to rescue Betty, who is away from her fiancé and
surrounded by a group of noblewomen at a fast pace.

“Oh, it looks fun. Can I join in the fun too?”

When I called out, the women of mysterious age who surrounded Betty
shuddered.

“Princess Yurushia.”

“We- We are not…”

The women who are aiming for Timothy-kun start to act up, to begin with
if you’re only an intermediate aristocrat, there’s no problem. The
problem is the sisters of the same Marquis family as Betty.

“Yuru…”

“Oh, Lady Yurushia, you’re really back.”

A flashy woman steps forward to interrupt Betty’s words with a gaudy
face.

She seemed to be a meat lover in her late teens. The woman in the dress
with her bright red lips boldly spread her chest while facing me in a
straightforward manner.

“Did you eat some raw meat? Your lips are so red.”

“Wha! No matter who you are how could you be so rude— ”

With a snap, I close the fan, releasing a moment of intimidation.

“Identify yourself first. I don’t even know who you are.”

“Gh! Yo- You,”

She trembled with anger as she turns pale and red.

Oh my, she is surprisingly gutsy. ………I like it very much.

The moment I smiled lightly with some interest, I don’t know why, but
her face turned pale and she lowered her head, shaking and mumbling,
even though I didn’t use any intimidation.

“… it’s…I…solde…”

I put the fan on Isolde’s neck to gently stroke her without raising her
head.

“Lady Isolde, state your family name. I will remember it.”

“………P- Please forgive me…”

This is bad! I’m starting to get the feeling the ladies around me are
misunderstanding what I say. I was just trying to say that I was Betty’s
backing.

It’s not like I’m going to take her family hostage.

Am I some kind of a villainous girl?

“Yuru-sama!”

“Shelly”

Nice timing!

“Oh Shelly. May I entrust Bertille to you? You guys look up. I’m going
to need you to take care of these girls for me.”

“””Ye- Yes!”””

The ladies stretched their backs and answered me lively.

“Are you going somewhere, Yuru-sama?”

“Yuru is very busy, so you don’t have to interrupt her. Because Yuru is
the hope of many women.”

“………What?”

No, I’m glad you’re feeling better, but what are you talking about all
of a sudden, Betty?

At that moment, as if it was something that came to mind, certain women
glanced at Betty’s chest with a stern look and bowed their heads at me
at exactly 90 degrees.

“”Yurushia-sama, thank you for your hard work.””

“Eh, ah….. thank you.”

I wonder if they are okay but the way they looked at me started to look
like those guys from the ‘Society’.

I’m not sure, but I’m glad they are on Betty’s side.

―――― Donation ―― At Carpe Company ――――

“………”

I heard a disturbing statement on the verge of leaving, but I feel like
I’m losing if I worry.

“Lucia, will you have this dance with me?”

“Yes, Noel. Please.”

Next is the dance with Noel who was waiting for me. It’s difficult
because my father doesn’t allow me to dance unless It’s with someone I
know.

“Lucia is beautiful today”

“Th- Thank you….. Noel is also cool.”

It was hard to believe that Noel had become a nobleman two years ago,
but he adjusted to it so well. It’s partly due to the fact that he is a
Hero, but the ladies were following Noel’s appearance with pretty
serious eyes when he praised me with a big smile on his face.

“And the dance with Shelly was lovely.”

“Uh, yeah. She’s … well … yeah.”

When the dance with Noel was over, I left the dance circle before anyone
asked me to join them again and got to work on my next job.

“Oh, there it is.”

In the corner of the hall, this time a mass of noble men had formed.They
seemed to surround one woman and she was surrounded in a group.

As my father said, it’s indeed happening…… Okay, let’s get back to work
again.

“Well, here you are, Sister Athena.”


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_2.md)

