[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_14.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_16.md)



# Chapter 15: Struggling People (5)

TN (Berkomzx): Fans Translations missed this chapter. Estelle = 'Ester'

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There were signs that a lot of people involved had messed up. ... Well,
I can tell if their body is destroyed, so I know they're safe, but
please be really careful.

Even if a soul is intentionally destroyed, it will eventually return to
the world and be revived.

However, a soul that has fallen into darkness like a devil is highly
likely to be revived in the demon world and become a devil again. To
restore it to its original state, you have to gather the remnants from
all over and repair them, so it takes a long time for higher-ranking
devils. Probably hundreds or thousands of years.

I've decided that I'll revive my children even if they perish, but I
don't want them to die if possible because it's a lot of trouble.

That means my lack of power is more of a problem than their power...

Originally, a \[Demon\] doesn't normally mature for at least a thousand
years, but I became one by chance and using a trick, so I'm a bit
inferior compared to other high-ranking demons.

For example, the \[Demon Lord\] I barely defeated, \[H... Hira...
Hirarihyon\], was apparently one of the younger and weaker among the
high-ranking demons.

But maybe I can manage if I beat them up with all my might...?

...No, I can't rely on that "power," can I?

"Can you please behave yourself soon?"

"...I-I didn't do anything wrong!"

While I was thinking about random things, Noah and Fannie seemed to have
annihilated the chimera.

Estelle, who says she didn't do anything wrong even though she turned
her attendants into chimeras and committed acts of terrorism in her
study abroad, has quite the nerve.

The problem is Noel. I don't know how strong the \[Charm\] he's been
cast under is, but he's still trying to protect Estelle despite
suffering.

"I can't help it... Noah."

"As you command."

Noah quietly steps in front of me. It would be pitiful if he loses to a
girl even though he's being manipulated, so I'll leave it to Noah.

Generally, a \[Hero Party\] and a \[ Arch Demon \] are said to be equal,
and Noel seems stronger than the heroes of other worlds, but even though
he's hiding his true identity, my attendant is different from an
ordinary \[Arch Demon\]...

"Then I'll go, Noel-sama."

"Damn!"

Clang!

Noel's golden magic sword and Noah's true iron weapon spark.

"Fufufu, what's wrong? You're not as sharp as usual, Noel-sama."

Noel is on the defensive against the relentless barrage of attacks. It's
true that he's being manipulated, so his movements aren't as sharp,
but... what's with that sadistic line, Noah?

"Th-this..."

"Now, let me carve up that cute face of yours—"

"Hey!"

Since Noah’s lines were getting pretty dark, I couldn't help but
interrupt, and from far away—

"Yuru-samaaaaaaaaaaa!"

"...Ah, Shelly!? ...?"

I did a double take, but Shelly, who was sitting neatly, was being
carried at a run by Geas in bear form. Why is Geas a bear?

"Besides strange magic, Noel-sama has also been given strange drugs!
That's why!"

"Oh, I see."

I see, that's why divine magic that affects the mind doesn't work.

"——'Let there be light'——"

Since he has high light resistance, I cast a particularly strong
\[Purification\] spell, and Noel's suffering face looked a little
better. All I have to do is hit him hard once and the charm-based
brainwashing should be undone. As I was thinking that, Shelly rushed in
front of Noel.

"Wait, Shelly!? I still,"

"Please leave this to me, Yuru-sama!"

Shelly, who had rushed in front of Noel who was still brainwashed,
spread her arms to protect me, and Noel, with his eyes wide open,
clenched his teeth, shook his body violently, and then collapsed on
Shelly's chest with a thud.

"Look, Yuru-sama! I won!"

I don't understand what happened, but it seems like Noel overcame the
brainwashing, and I involuntarily turned to Geas who had returned to my
feet.

"...What's going on?"

Gaugau

I have no idea. Well, anyway...

"Well,"

I smiled at Estelle with the two of them behind me, armed with a giant
saw and a spiked club. She glared at me, reached into her bosom, and my
attendants stepped forward to protect me.

"...Wh-"

"What?"

Suddenly, Estelle, who was shedding large tears from her eyes, grabbed
her handkerchief and sniffed loudly.

"You're all so mean to me!!!"

"...Huh?"

Estelle, who had shouted something bizarre, escaped like a rabbit.

Oh... She's fast. I was dumbfounded as I watched her escape at a speed
that could probably break the 100-meter dash in 11 seconds, and I said,

"Fannie, stop."

Fannie, who was always smiling happily and swinging her spiked club,
locking onto Estelle who was now as small as a bean, was the only one
who remained unchanged.

"Why~?"

"Can't you leave the last bit to me?"

Noah patted Fannie on the shoulder, who pouted slightly in
dissatisfaction, and bowed to me.

"Please go, Your Majesty Yurushia."

"Yes, I'll be going."

Noel is unconscious on Shelly's lap, so... Estelle, are you ready?

\*

"Why are you bullying me!?"

Estelle was running full speed through the magic academy, sniffling into
her handkerchief.

Although only a few people, including the queen, knew about it in the
Sylber Kingdom, Estelle has the ability of \[Charm\] in addition to
\[Physical Enhancement\].

If Estelle had focused on training it, she might have become one of the
best warriors in the church, but Estelle learned to take the easy way
out with \[Charm\], and as she became spoiled and ran away from
unpleasant things, only her running speed had been enhanced.

In truth, the queen had not made Estelle a member of the royal family
with the dangerous ability of \[Charm\], but had expected her to become
a 'great general' who would unite the entire army with \[Charm\] and
\[Physical Enhancement\], but at present, those expectations had been
greatly missed.

However, Estelle couldn't believe her current situation.

Even though she planned to become queen and thought she would make this
dirty, poor, and culturally impoverished world a wonderful world, a poor
noble girl from this poor country might become queen instead.

The Second Prince must have been deceived. She had worked hard to defeat
the evil noble girl of this country and help the boys of this country
who believed in her, but the evil noble girl said something
incomprehensible and instead blamed Estelle.

So she thought that if she showed them the power of secretly modifying
them into cool figures, the evil noble girl would be scared and
apologize, but she lost easily.

"It's cruel! They were my precious people!"

Therefore, Estelle first went to the academy's guardroom.

What that noblewoman did was murder. Just because they looked a little
different from other people, they were good kids who wouldn't disobey
her orders, so she was determined to sue those people who defeated them
for murder and stormed into the guardroom.

"Oh, Estelle, you're late."

"Eeek!?"

There was that evil noblewoman. How did she get here? How did she catch
up? Without questioning such things at all, she used a full-powered
charm on a nearby guard and made him slump over.

"Help me! She killed my attendants!"

"I've heard the circumstances from Lady Yurushia. Acts of destruction
against this academy and the Holy Kingdom are not allowed even for
foreign royalty. Please be quiet."

"Whyyyyyyyyy!?"

Estelle's charm doesn't work. She can feel it activating because it's
her own ability, but as soon as it activates, the guard immediately
returns to normal when he sees the evil noblewoman's smile.

"It's cruel! You must be using some kind of cowardly trick!"

"...Are you the one saying that?"

The evil noblewoman muttered in a bored tone, and several guards
approached her with scary faces.

"It's cruel! I'll never forgive you!"

As soon as Estelle was about to be caught, she escaped again with her
proud running feet.

She skillfully dodged the guards who were chasing her like a mouse, and
while running away from the academy, she encountered the boys of the
student council who had become Estelle's followers during her
enrollment—they could be called young men since they were upperclassmen
and over 15 years old, the age of adulthood.

"You guys, help me! I'm being chased by bad people!"

When Estelle called out, the young noblemen who turned to her had a
melting smile.

They had strong guards as nobles and hadn't been charmed yet, but since
they looked good, she had cast a strong charm on them.

Estelle had expected there to be princes and upper-class nobles in the
student council, but many of the royal family and the eldest sons of
upper-class nobles were already working as full-fledged nobles at this
age, and in reality, they were mostly third and fourth sons of
upper-class nobles without work, or middle-class nobles from the
provinces, and they had no value beyond their appearance.

"What happened to you, Estelle-sama?"

"In our academy, where evil people are... but if there are any bad guys,
I will protect you."

"That's right, we're with you!"

"Everyone..."

Estelle looked up at them with a moved expression, and the three
beautiful young men and boys turned their refreshing smiles towards
her—and their faces froze instantly.

"Thank you all for your cooperation in apprehending the criminal. I will
report to my father and uncle about you."

"“Yes! It's an honor, Princess Yurushia!!!”"

"Kyaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!?"

Estelle rolled away from where she was standing at the sudden sound of
that evil noblewoman appearing from behind her.

The three students from the student council had also suddenly had their
charms broken, and were directing hot gazes at the evil noblewoman with
flushed faces, which Estelle was indignant about, surely thinking they
were secretly angry.

"I don't need a man who can be deceived by someone like you, you
idiot!!"

This academy is ruined. Realizing that there was no one on her side in
an academy dominated by the evil noblewoman's power, Estelle went
outside the academy.

She was sure that the noblewoman must be using her power to hold the
nobles' weaknesses. Surely, ordinary citizens would happily side with
Estelle and rise up with weapons against such an evil noblewoman.

That thought was, in a way, close to the queen's intention, but Estelle
was fatally misunderstanding the essence.

"Now, everyone! We must not lose to the evil noblewoman who uses her
power to torment the weak! It's time to rise up with weapons!"

Running to the main street of the royal capital, Estelle jumped onto the
statue of the goddess of abundance in the square, put her feet on the
goddess's head, and shouted to the people.

The devout citizens of the Holy Kingdom were momentarily filled with
anger at the sight, but when Estelle showered them with a full-powered
charm and a smile, the people in the square instantly forgot their anger
and directed a melting smile at Estelle.

"——'Let there be light'——"

At that moment, a golden light poured down over a wide area centered on
the square, and the people looked around as if they had woken from a
dream and fixed their eyes on the golden girl walking leisurely through
the street.

"...The Saint" "Princess!" "Kyaaah, it's the Princess!" "The Saint!"
"Thank goodness, thank goodness" "Princess Yurushia!"

A frenzied scream erupted from the entire square at the appearance of
the 'Saint', who was even more popular than the king in the Holy
Kingdom.

"Wh... why..."

Even though Estelle's murmur of astonishment couldn't have been heard,
people's eyes turned to her.

"What are you doing to the statue of the goddess!?" "Get off your feet!
You insolent wretch!"

"That's mean! I didn't do anything wrong!!!"


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_14.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_16.md)

