[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_17.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](../../volume%2011/chapters/Section0001.md)



# Side Story: New Year’s Day Special

This was a story about the future that has not been determined.

This was a story about children in a future that may or may not exist.

“Cyril-sama, wake up. It’s morning!”

In the castle that was the main residence of the Duke Versenia House of
Toru in the Holy Kingdom of Talliteld, a young black-haired maid pulled
open the curtains on a large window and turned around as if bouncing in
the sunlight.

She was young…perhaps the word “Childish” would be better to describe
her.

She was about 130 centimeters tall. A slender body was clad in an
ankle-length navy-blue maid’s uniform, and looked not yet 10 years old.

“Mou, it’s morning~ come on!”

The girl’s cheeks puffed out in the empty room, and she called out once
more, her long, tied-up hair with a slight wave in it spilling out and
running down her cheeks.

The girl’s mother was also well-known for her cool beauty, and the girl
who resembled her mother had a well-defined face, but those who saw her
would realize that she was as beautiful as a doll without the
distortions of a normal human.

“Cyril-sama!”

As if to use force in this situation, the girl leaned forward and
reached for the huge canopied bed, and the person who was supposed to be
sleeping in the center of the bed grabbed her arm and gently pulled her
closer.

“Kyah!”

“Good morning, Amelia.”

Unable to resist because of the way she was leaning forward, the girl –
Amelia – looked at the person’s face up close, her cheeks becoming red.

“Hiii.”

Amelia let out a strange yelp and jumped back, the boy in his nightgown
stretching as he pulled himself up, his magnificent golden hair glinting
in the morning sun.

“Cyril-sama!”

“Haha, sorry, Amelia.”

Golden hair and reddish gold eyes.

Cyril, with a neat face and a short pout on his face, bowed his head
honestly while holding back from laughing at his childhood friend’s
faintly red cheeks.

Cyril, a 10-year-old son of the Duke of Versenia, had returned to Toru
territory with his maid Amelia, who was one year younger than him,
during the summer vacation from Capital’s Academy of Magic.

In the nostalgic bed where he had lived until a few years ago, he had
fallen asleep too much and at the same time, he had been mischievous.

“Please stop that… I will have to ask the butler to wake Cyril-sama up
in the morning. It’s the butler who helps you get dressed anyway.”

“I don’t want that. I can get dressed by myself as long as I have my
clothes ready, and it doesn’t feel like \[Morning\] unless I have Amelia
wake me up.”

“What’s that? If that’s the case, please get up as soon as I wake you
up.”

“I don’t think so…oh, that’s right.”

Cyril sat up in bed, clapped his hands together as if he had just
thought of a good idea, and gave Amelia a sparkling smile.

“I’ll be up in no time if Amelia gives me a kiss on the cheek.”

“Heh?”

Amelia’s face, which for a moment was a bit confused as to what was
being said, turned bright red, not just her face, but her ears as well,
as she realized what was being said.

\*Bosun!

“Gufu!”

“What are you talking about, I don’t care about Cyril-sama!”

Throwing the feather pillow at Cyril’s face, Amelia fled from Cyril’s
room with her face bright red.

“I’m sorry, truly sorry, Amelia!”

“…”

After that, Cyril followed Amelia walking down the hallway, apologizing
profusely to his childhood friend who didn’t even look at him or talk to
him during breakfast.

The other servants gazed with a warm smile at the young heir trying
desperately to pacify the young maid.

The two have known each other since childhood, and Cyril had gained a
reputation for being likened to the young duke in his younger days
because of his nonchalant personality, but since childhood he had only
been crazy about Amelia.

The young servant, who seemed to have been hired recently, would make a
curious face at the sight of the two, but this had already become a
tradition for the past few years, as the older servants would tell them.

“Hey Amelia!”

“…Cyril-sama, don’t bow so easily, Cyril-sama is the heir to the duke’s
family, and I am just a maid in service.”

Amelia suddenly turned around and lectured Cyril with her hands on her
hips, and although he was glad that she spoke to him, Cyril blurted out
in a sultry tone.

“Isn’t Amelia a Baronet’s daughter, as well?”

Amelia’s grandfather and grandmother, both retired, were long-time chief
stewards and chambermaids to the Duke of Versenia, who received their
titles of Baronet from the Duke for their service, and her father was a
Duke’s retainer and her mother a current chambermaid, a prominent noble
family with close ties to the Duke’s family.

Moreover, Amelia’s grandfather was an uncle of the Duchess of Versenia,
who was from a Viscount family, making Cyril and Amelia related to each
other, though only slightly.

Because of their close age, Cyril and Amelia have grown up together as
if they were siblings since they were babies, but Cyril was dissatisfied
with the relationship between master and servant, even though Amelia
became his maid and she was his closest friend.

Amelia became more beautiful as she grew up, and when she entered the
academy, several children of aristocratic families took an interest in
her, which made Cyril impatient.

“That’s…yes, but, umm…I understand. I’m not mad at you anymore.”

“Thanks, Amelia.”

Amelia forgave her, and Cyril smiled a big smile, which made Amelia’s
ears turn a little red again.

“So what shall we do today then? Father says I can do whatever I want
today and tomorrow, do you want to go somewhere to play?”

“It’s been a while, would you like to see the city of Toru territory?”

“That’s necessary, but the shopping isn’t much different from Capital’s.
I’d like to see some of the attractions in Toru…”

“The attractions of Toru territory, huh?”

They both tilted our heads in the same way as they stood in the hallway.

As for Cyril, he wanted to walk alone with Amelia in a quiet place since
they had just returned from the crowded Capital.

Either way, as the heir apparent of the Duke family, if he went out, he
would have a knight to escort him, however, he was more concerned with
the mood of the day.

Now, as he was searching his memory for a good place to go, suddenly he
heard a voice.

“Oh, um…!”

“…Hmm?”

“Yes?”

They turned around to see a slightly older maid girl with red hair in a
braid standing there with a nervous look on her face.

“Um…Eva-san?”

“Cyril-sama, how about my hometown or something! You can learn about the
place where the incident took place. I’ll show you around.”

Eva spoke to Cyril, ignoring Amelia.

As Cyril recalled, Amelia was a 13-year-old daughter of another relative
of the Duke of Versenia, a 13-year-old girl who had been a courtesy
apprentice at the Duke’s household since last year and because she was
the fourth daughter without a fiancée.

For this reason, she was attending the academy of the Toru domain, not
the academy of the Capital, so they had little contact with each other,
but even if she was ignored, the person on the other end of the line was
from a Viscount’s family, so Amelia quietly took a step back to let her
speak.

Eva gave such Amelia a victorious glance for a moment, and then she
flirtatiously rubbed up against Cyril, who was also known as the Prince
of the Sun in the Capital.

“Certainly, let me show you around, Cyril-sama!”

“…I guess. I don’t have any other ideas, what do you think Amelia?”

Cyril thought for a moment and left the final decision to his childhood
friend, as if it were a matter of course, and Eva blinked at him for
that.

“Well, I think it’s a good idea. That sounds like a good plan, don’t you
think?”

Amelia also decided to make a light decision as usual, and Eva bit her
back teeth alone as the two of them looked at each other with a smile.

Amelia was a Baronet and Eva was a Viscount, but Amelia’s position was
more respected among the nobility in light of her blood relation and
contribution to the Duke’s family.

Eva, who had not received such an education, ignored Amelia simply
because of the difference in the titles of Viscount and Baron, and when
they were traveling in the carriage, Eva sat beside Cyril and talked to
him for a long time, but Amelia started embroidering on a handkerchief
without saying a word, while Cyril, who could not talk to Amelia,
gradually felt frustrated because she could not speak with Amelia.

“This is the place! This is the place where the first demon summoning
incident and the second demon summoning incident took place twenty years
ago!”

“Oh, right.”

It was the place where Cyril’s sister was kidnapped when she was a
child, and although it was now abandoned, there were still remnants of a
magic circle, and it would normally be an interesting place for a test
of courage, but Cyril replied curtly to Eva’s words, who seemed excited.

Amelia, who was walking a few steps behind them, was poking at the
wreckage of the magic circle with her toes, looking just as bored as
Cyril.

“…Eh?”

At that moment, Amelia thought she heard what sounded like a faint
voice.

The escort knights were not present here because they were waiting near
the entrance, as Eva had forcefully insisted that this was already a
place where neighborhood children would come to test their courage, and
that there was no danger.

“Cyril-sama, I can sense something strange in this place. Let’s go back
to the knights as soon as possible.”

“What are you talking about! You don’t believe me when I say that this
place is safe?”

“I didn’t mean…”

“O, oi.”

When Eva, who had become impatient because of Cyril’s indifferent
attitude, threw a tantrum and released her magic power, a translucent
figure emerged from the debris.

“It’s a ghast!”

Ghasts were monsters, born from the malice and fear of creatures, they
were considered to be in between demons and evil spirits, and could only
be dealt with by magic, but they were not a major threat if one was a
magician.

But if there were more than one of them, they would be a threat to
normal students.

The cause of the outbreak was an unintentional release of magic power,
but the fact that it sprang up here indicated that perhaps the magic
power of the demon that had been exterminated long ago remained intact.

At any rate, as students of the Capital, Amelia calculated that even
they could make it back to the entrance if the three of them worked
together.

“Kyaaaaaaaaaah!!! Nooooo!!!”

Suddenly panicking, Eva pushed Amelia away and ran off by herself.

“…Eh?”

Unable to comprehend what had happened for a moment, Amelia almost
plunged head first into the rubble with a stunned look on her face.

“Amelia!!!”

Cyril quickly intervened and fell down while protecting Amelia.

“…Cyril-sama? Cyril-sama!?”

Amelia screamed at Cyril, who had perhaps been hit on the head and
fainted.

“I’m going to cast holy magic…!”

Amelia was only apt at Holy Magic and Summoning Magic, and she had
learned in class that she should not move a person too much if they hit
their head.

She could also use Spirit Magic, but that was not an option because, for
some reason, when she would call a spirit, it would simply remain
motionless as it lay flat on the ground, but even with the most useful
Holy Magic, Amelia was still only able to use magic on contact, and when
she touched Cyril’s head, the slippery feeling of blood upset her, and
she was unable to activate it properly.

“What do I do, what do I do?”

All the while, the Ghast was slowly closing in on them, but all Amelia
could see was Cyril in her eyes.

“Cyril-sama!”

At that moment, without any particular deep thought, whether it was a
flash of inspiration or a recollection of something, Amelia called out
to Cyril.

“\[Wake up\]!”

As it was, when Amelia’s lips touched Cyril’s cheek, a light of sacred
magic spread around that point of contact, and Cyril, who had been
unconscious, quietly awoke.

“Ame…lia?”

“Cyril-samaaaa.”

Cyril’s eyes were dazzled by the touch on his cheek and Amelia’s
embrace, but when he realized the situation with the Ghast still
remaining, he hugged Amelia tightly as if to protect her.

But–

\[\[\[…\]\]\]

\*Bow

“”…Eh?””

The approaching ghasts apologetically bow their heads in a rather
human-like gesture to the two, and after falling flat like the spirits
that had appeared before Amelia, they carefully cleaned up the debris in
the area and went away.

“…What is the meaning of this?”

“…Well? Maybe, it only came to say hello?”

“”…””

Soon after, the escort knights came looking for Eva, and when they
returned to the entrance, Eva was not only protected by the knights, but
was also captured.

Since it was certain that Eva had endangered the Lord even if she had no
bad intentions, Eva was to be sent back to her parents’ house without
further punishment.

Although they were not sure about the attitude of that Ghast and had
their doubts, Cyril was in a better mood than when he went out, and
Amelia was somewhat uncomfortable.

“Alright, from now on, when you wake me up in the morning, will you give
me a kiss on the cheek?”

“I would never!”


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_17.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](../../volume%2011/chapters/Section0001.md)

