[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_1.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_3.md)



# Chapter 2: Let's Dance (2)

“Well, here you are, Sister Athena.”

“Yurushia.”

When I called out to my sister Athena who was in the center of a group
of men, she smiled back at ease.

My sister really had become a lovely lady (tears).…. I missed the lovely
look she gave when she glanced at others, spreading her coldness.

She used to be a big sister who was a tsundere and an especially sore
loser. Moreover, she hurt everyone she touched. It has been eight years
since she rampaged in the Saint Country as a child and now due to her
losing her memories, the atmosphere in the social circles had become
quite sympathetic toward her.

Behind the scenes, mother was actively working hard to bring her to
various tea parties and she finally was able to reconcile with Elea-sama
who hated her so much.

Well, now my sister was really a small animal type that was harmless to
human beings (tears).

“Yu, Yurushia-sama!”

“Saintess-sama.”

As the mysterious aged men hurriedly opened the way at my appearance,
Sister Athena rushed over and snuggled up to me.

My sister, with her thorns gone, was so beautiful and lovely. The
domineering attitude from before was completely gone. She only had about
half a soul, so it can’t be helped, but because of that, the atmosphere
became completely soft.

At the beginning, the strength of her soul was too strong. Now after she
lost half of her soul, she became a normal girl.

But because of that, she ended up causing a new problem.

At present, my sister, Athena, was a lovely and beautiful person with a
fragile atmosphere. She was not assertive and she became more obedient.
She was the daughter from a duke family whose father was a grand duke
and the royal brother of the current King. She was also the sister of
the Saintess of Salvation who didn’t have a fiancé from being out of the
country for a long time due to some problems.

What a seller’s market. As a result of a combination of coincidences and
factors, she was the ideal, dreamy, miraculous woman for single men who
have never had a woman in their lives.

…..I really don’t know how this happened (tears).

“What are you guys doing to my sister?”

I smiled and the men backed off slightly as I smiled at them. I
understood that it was because you guys didn’t like powerful,
aristocratic, strong women, but this was just too obvious.

“I did not……”

“I wanted to talk to Lady Athena…”

“I didn’t do anything.”

“I just wanted to ask her to dance……”

So that’s it. But I don’t think you guys would be able to take the
lovely daughter who was finally back in her loving father’s arms away
from him.

Although the bridge with the victims has been closed, there were still
some people who still held grudges against my sister.

In order to vanquish their rivals by pretending as sorrowful victims.

She was a nobleman, so it’s only natural for her to have enemies and
resentment. But I would be worried about it too if it was someone I
can’t protect myself from.

“How is it, sister?”

“I’m afraid I must decline….”

“I couldn’t overlook how a pretty woman like Miss Athena was only acting
as a wallflower. Please forgive me.”

“…You are?”

“I’m sorry, beautiful young lady. I am the head of Count Monte, my name
is Dante. I am pleased to meet you.”

Dante kneeled down gracefully and touched my fingertips as he kissed the
back of my glove with his lips in an experienced gesture.

I knew there were some powerful people in the mix…… As I recalled, Count
Monte was a great nobleman of the East and the current head of the
family, Dante, although already in his late twenties, was still a
bachelor and I heard that he was a young leader famous for his ability
and undertakings.

My sister’s position was attractive enough for any nobleman who wanted
to be connected to the dukes and the royal family.

He’s the perfect partner for a political marriage. As the daughter of a
nobleman, we were prepared for a certain amount of loveless marriages
but… I wonder why…?

I’m sure he’ll take good care of her if I entrusted him with my sister.
However, since he was still single at this age but was used to women,
I’m sure he’ll have a mistress.

I turned around to face my sister.

“Eh… Yurushia?”

“Sister, this gentleman has asked for a dance. So, what do you want to
do?”

“I- I’m….um… this is my first time dancing so… that…”

Aaah, I see, I see. Since she lost her memories, her experience of
dancing at parties seemed to be reset too. But it’s okay, because I kind
of get it.

I turned around to Dante again.

“Sorry, Count Monte. Would you back off today, please?”

Dante blinked his eyes for a moment when I said this with a smirk and
then he grinned.

“So, I guess that’s a passing grade…… Is it fine if I say it that way,
princess?”

“Well, I wonder.”

I see, he was undeniably a nobleman.

“So, Miss Athena. Will you accept my invitation the next time?”

“Eh, that…”

I see, still thinking about putting a little nail on the coffin, were
you? That’s what I was thinking when suddenly a call came from a
different direction.

“Yurushia, Athena.”

“Ludrick-sama!”

“Rick…”

Another confusing man was here. No, you can come, but you didn’t have to
creep around and drag nobleman’s daughters along with you.

“Athena, you were in this place all along?”

“Ye- Yes.”

Speaking of which, I heard that Rick came to visit my sister many times
after she lost her memory. Rick called out to my sister and stared at
Dante, who was holding her hand in his.

“And you are… Count Monte right. Do you have a business with Athena?”

“This… Your Highness, do you perhaps need a royal permission to get
close to a woman?”

Uh, oh… What is this situation? At any rate, I smiled at the ladies who
were nearby to take a step back and sent them away. No, I didn’t know
what’s going on here. Anyway, I needed to find a solution….. Ah, I just
needed to find someone who was strong.

There!

“Mylene-sama!”

When I called her name, the Countess Aubel who was creeping around with
a single man– Mylene-chan looked at me with a tremendous frown and
turned to me.

The two men who had been staring at each other couldn’t help but be
silenced by the power of the great big beautiful woman who was still as
awesome as ever.

“Oh, dear Lady Yurushia, I did not see you often enough, so I thought
you had forgotten about me.”

“Oh, I would never forget a good friend of mine.”

“You’ve been busy, haven’t you? Do you even have time to spare for me?”

“Not as much as you do. Did you miss me that badly?”

Both Rick and Dante grew pale as we conversed with each other, smiling
and spreading demonic energy, and almost instantly, Mylene’s cronies
scattered away as well.

She has been entrusted with the backstage work of the Saint Country for
two years and I haven’t been able to see her yet, so she must have felt
a lot of resentment. But let’s talk about it later, I guess.

Despite the unreasonable request I made, she turned her gaze to my
sister for a moment and then turned toward Rick and Dante.

“Oh, Your Highness and Count Monte, good to see you.”

“Aa, aah..”

“It’s my pleasure…”

There was a slight fright in Dante’s eyes as he looked at her.

“Oh my, isn’t that you, Miss Athena?

“Ye- Yes!”

“This is the first time I’ve ever spoken to you in this manner. If you
don’t mind, why don’t we have tea next time? Let’s talk about how to
treat a man… as friends.”

“Yes…”

As expected of Mylene. When it came to the “Silver Princess”, the flower
of social circles, her words were taken as a matter of course.

Moreover, a woman who created her own “space” like Mylene was probably
Dante’s natural enemy.

“That would be good, sister Athena. That’s right, that’s right, you have
been in a bad condition lately, haven’t you? Brother Rudrick, can you
please take my sister away? Although he is also a male, it doesn’t
matter since you two are cousins.”

“O- oh.”

“Now then, Count Monte. May I and Mylenne-sama have the pleasure of
entertaining you, Count Monte?”

“……No, I have a stomach ache too, so I’m going to step back.”

Did we get a little too devilish? Rick and my sister were used to it in
a way, but it would be tough for the average person.

We both smiled at Dante and gave one last little chuckle as he staggered
away on his wobbly legs. Mylene turned to me with a smile on her face.

“Can you not use me as an outrider?”

“You also used me as an insect repellent, right?”

“Haa… fine then. I’m glad to see you haven’t changed.”

“You and me both.”

We both got a lot of attention when we’re together, but people didn’t
come to approach us. Strange.

“What have you been doing for two years? Was it hard?”

“You have seriously been saved… The Church Nation men were messing with
me in the shadow.”

“Oh, I wanted to hear about that as well… There must be a lot.”

“That’s fine. Various sources from merchants to beggars….to compile
information?”

“Yeah, please. And next time you see one, you can get rid of it.”

“…Can I do it my way?”

“Of course.”

“Well then…”

“Hmm?”

“Yurushia, are you willing to invest in a store in the capital?”

“… Isn’t the management of the territory going well?”

“I mean, the specialty foods……”

Come to think of it, I still haven’t given her the ingredients for the
specialty wakame bread for two years.

“I’m sure you still have some money from the underworld to settle that…”

“They are garbage even if they have lives.”

“………”

You really have a serious personality.

“I understand. I’ll have the Carpe Chamber of Commerce fund it
anonymously. And also the materials.”

“I’m saved.”

Can you believe it? This was a conversation between a demon and a
vampire, you know?

“Since we sell our own seafood, you will handle the staffing and
management and we will consult with you on profits.”

“Roger that.”

After that the two women started to complain to each other for a long
time.

I didn’t know what we were doing..…

Just as the song began to change for the last dance, a faint buzz arose
from one corner of the hall, the sea of people started to split open to
make way.

The men were staring and the women let out sighes as they watched one
young man walking quietly.

Wearing an exotic aristocratic outfit.

His glossy black hair flowing down his back and his silver eyes like the
moon.

The pale brown-skinned beauty, who didn’t seem to care about it while
attracting the attention of the audience, quietly held out his hand as
he walked up to me.

“Let’s dance.”

“Can’t you think of a more thoughtful way to entice me?”

I giggled as I took his hand and then we leaped into the center of the
dance floor waltzing to the last song.

In a certain corner – on one of the terraces where no one is paying
attention. Sister Athena smiled a lovely smile. She was dancing with one
young man.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_1.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_3.md)

