[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_4.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_6.md)



# Chapter 5: I Became a Villainess (3)

“By the way, how is that second prince Axel-sama doing?”

“I don’t know…”

I left Ester-chan alone for now, who was annoying but currently
harmless, and asked about Axel, who had moved into Rick’s class three
classes above him.

“Rick, is something wrong?”

“No, it’s not that there’s nothing going on, it’s more like he’s
probably up to something…”

Rick frowned a little and makes a complicated expression.

Axel came to study abroad, but he never took his classes seriously or
made contact with the old southern nobility, and he seemed to be hanging
out with the friends he brought with him, playing around here and there
in the academy and the royal capital.

What did you really come here for, sightseeing?

I thought that since he asked me for an engagement proposal, he would be
actively involved with me, but until now, we have had almost no contact.

I was invited by an old man who was a diplomat to have dinner when I had
some spare time, but it was a social invitation, not from the prince,
but from the diplomat himself.

I just didn’t get it… Ester-chan had a completely bad Otome-Game brain,
and Axel acted as if he was talented, but I got the feeling that he was
working as an individual, not as a country, and there was a hint of
disappointment (my prejudice).

In short, I did not understand why the “Church” sent them here.

At first, we were all thinking that they were trying to seduce me and
take over the Duke’s house, or to bring the saint of the Holy Kingdom
into the Church, but I could not read the second prince’s purpose.

If they were doing something under the radar…

“For the meantime, let’s just try to properly fight them back, shall
we?”

“…Really? Just make sure it doesn’t become an international problem.”

It was okay, I have had more opportunities to come in contact with
humans since I returned, and my thoughts, which had become more
demon-oriented in the other world, have now become much more
human-oriented.

So, I have departed searching for the second prince with only Nia, Tina,
and Fannie to accompany me. Incidentally, Noah, the butler demon, was on
loan to take care of Rinne, so there was currently no one to stop us in
case something really happened.

The new guard knight boys were more like subordinates than guards,
different from Bri and the others.

This time, on my order, for some reason, they have been given the
clerical and accounting duties for a newly established \[association\]
for women in the Holy Kingdoms. The name of the group is–

\[Association of Saints to make your hearts warm\].

It was very straightforward.

No, it would be more like a slide. Or rather, what were they even
thinking?

I thought about throwing it all to the Kapelle of Commerce, but
Zesch-san said that he would rather prefer that I did not do so, since
the association was a mess with only male members, and if more funds
were collected, other noble members would accuse me of concentrating
power.

How powerful was our association that Zesch-san, who had risen to the
rank of Duke of Kapelle, was now afraid of our power…?

I had no choice but to buy a trading house in a prime location in the
capital and set it up as Yuru Seafood, which sells marine products and
local specialties. When I entrusted Mylene, the de facto manager of the
company, with the management of that \[association\], she cried that she
couldn’t manage the money.

…She’s a great vampire who’s over 200 years old, so she should toughen
up.

So, I dispatched female members \#00002 and \#00003, Bianca and Flora,
who loved small change, and managed to get them to run the place.

By the way, 00001 was said to have blonde vertically curly rolls, but I
would rather not know.

I went off on a tangent, but I heard that Axel, the second prince of the
Sylber Kingdom, was observing the training of the holy knights.

The reason why I was concerned about Axel was that he was not in a hurry
to get engaged, but he was wary of something like that \[skill\].

In this world, there was no easy-to-understand skill system like what
Tess used.

But that did not mean that \[skill\]-like things did not exist normally
in this world. For example, a demon’s “Dominance” on an inferior
opponent could be said to be a passive skill effect of the Demon’s
skills.

Even with normal skills, “Swordsmanship” improved by swinging a sword,
but usually, if you skipped training for a few years, your ability would
drop by a certain percentage.

The “burn-out” of skills was a byproduct of this process, and because
skills don’t level down, they could easily recover over time.

According to Tess, it was automatically adapted to all human beings, so
it required a large-scale device for confirming this, but if a being
wanted to apply the skill to a human individually, they would need the
cooperation of a \[Great Spirit\] class power to do so.

In short, if there was a way to learn it, it would even be possible for
humans to give off the power of a sense of “Dominance” that only demons
had.

It was getting a little weird, right?

If Axel really could use the skill, then there would be a “being” who
granted it to him. So, Ester-chan might have some \[skill\] too.

Was the purpose of the Church to make them use their skills? I hope it
would not become too much of a problem. If they were just “half-baked”
with human skills, it would be fine, but if they were given non-human
skills, it would be a big problem.

At the very least, they seem to have \[appraisal\] or \[analysis\]
skills, but there seems to be some other hidden skills in their
possession as well.

So, I head to the training place of the holy knights, where Axel, who
had skipped the class that he should be taking. By the way, I was not
skipping class. I was exempted from most of the classes.

In the first place, I was a “Saint” who saved the world, so the teacher
of Divine Magic asked me to be excused from the class.

When I arrived at the training place of the holy knights, I found Axel
and his group observing the training of the holy knights, guided by a
civil official-like person.

They were accompanied by a group of good-looking girls brought from the
Church, just like that heroic man (laughs) whom my sister had been
getting to know so well.

“Fannie, do you know if he uses \[skill\]?”

“Let’s see…\[not much\]\[he doesn’t have a good one\]. He only uses
\[analysis\]-like stuff.”

“…super-hearing?”

“No, it’s just regular mind-reading!”

That was more surprising.

As I approached stealthily, the holy knight noticed me and tried to
greet me, so I put my index finger to my lips as a sign to be silent.

“Ah, Yurushia-sama, that guy’s expression has changed, hasn’t it?”

Nia, who was standing next to me, informed me, so I looked over and saw
a strong-looking holy knight who looked like a captain…hmm? Axel was
leaking magic power?

I had a feeling he was going to do something, so I wanted to start
harassing him as soon as possible.

“Oh, Axel-sama!”

When I called out to him with magic flowing through my words, Axel’s
concentration broke and the magic that was oozing out of him fizzled
out.

“…You.”

“What a coincidence to find you here, isn’t it?”

At the pleasant malice of Axel and the others glaring at me, I couldn’t
help but return a radiant smile.

As I walked straight to him, the holy knights in training bowed their
heads to me as they cleared the way.

There were four girls who looked like Axel’s cronies. They looked
reasonably well brought up, but not aristocratic. They were wearing
school uniforms, not dresses, but the same with Ester-chan, they were
wearing mini skirts, exposing their bare legs, so the holy knights were
having trouble keeping their eyes on them.

“I have no use for you right now. I’m busy. Don’t you understand? Aah?”

“Oh, my, who said I have any use for you? Aren’t you a little too
self-indulgent?”

I replied to Axel, who seemed to be in a bad mood as I walked along, and
the surrounding girls glared at me with a savage look in their eyes.

One of them, a tall, blue short-haired woman, grinned and tried to block
Tina’s feet.

\*Gusha!

“Gee!?”

At that moment, the woman whose foot was kicked by Tina spun 360 degrees
vertically.

“””Krista!”””

The woman called Krista held her leg with her hand with a stunned look
on her face as Axel and the others took a fighting stance toward us.

Among them, a flaxen-haired girl glared at me.

“Hey, you, what are you doing?”

“How dare you suddenly stick your foot out to a weak attendant?”

I could see that she was about to accuse me of something, so I took the
initiative and accused her.

“Tina, is she hurt?”

“I think I might have broken her leg. I did kick her hard enough to make
her spin around, so it should be painful. Sigh.”

Tina, standing there with a calm and composed expression on her face,
complained about the damage.

…Was it too much trouble to cast her?

And the “assailant,” Krista, after being healed by the red-haired woman,
stood up, her face blackened with anger.

“You!”

“What you have done is unbecoming of a woman. I will formally protest
this to the Sylber Kingdom.”

“What?”

“Haah??”

Maybe they were trying to do something, but it didn’t go well, and
hearing my words, their complexion turned reddish-purple like a carp
lacking oxygen, and their mouths were agape.

\[\[\[…\]\]\]

It was so bad that neither the civil servant who was guiding them nor
the holy knight in training were also stunned, leaving their mouths
open.

What one usually said and did was significant.

“However, it wouldn’t be good appearance for you guys to get
\[deported\] soon after you came here, would it? Let’s just be nice to
each other and call it even, shall we?”

I couldn’t help but smile, my cheeks tinted with their pleasant hatred
and malice.

For some reason, the girls became even more agitated at me.

“Wha!”

“You bi-!”

“Stop it!”

“”””Axel-sama””””

Surprisingly, it was Axel who stopped them.

“That person is the most troublesome character in the Holy Kingdoms.
Don’t touch her for now. Well, she’ll be mine soon anyway.”

Axel said and smirked while looking at me from face to foot as if he
were teasing me.

…He was really surprisingly calm, wasn’t he? I thought he and these
girls were together as partners, but was it a one-way affection from the
ladies?

If possible, I wanted to stir him up and find out what his \[skills\]
were, but more than anything, I didn’t like the way these guys were
looking down on the Holy Kingdom.

…Was I perhaps a little irritated? Ester-chan should be worse in terms
of irritation, but come to think of it, my followers seem somewhat
irritated as well.

Good, I should do my best to torment them for now.

“Axel, you are very kind. Your country should not be bringing
incompetent people around…”

“Hey, you!”

The flaxen-haired girl lashed out again as I stroked her, but I simply
covered up my smile with my fan.

“Emma, I told you to keep your hands off her!”

“I’m sorry.”

Axel stepped forward in a bad mood, making the frightened Emma back
down.

“Hey, Yurushia…don’t get carried away, ah?”

The magic power spills out again from Axel, and he was intimidatingly
awesome, but alas, the malice was too comfortable, and I was sure I
would be smiling like a flower right now.

“These guys may be incompetent, but hey, this country will be full of
incompetents too, right?”

Perhaps my attitude was bothering him. Axel released some kind of
magical power from his “gaze” toward the captain, the holy knight, who
was about to do something to him first.

“Oops!”

I involuntarily swatted the magic power away with my hand as if I was
trying to get rid of an insect.

“…What?”

A dumb mutter escaped from the mouth of Axel, who had been acting so
relaxed.

“Axel? Some people can see magic… So, if you do anything too strange, it
will be considered hostile action.”

“…”

Axel looks at me warily for the first time, as if he were very
confident.

“You… damn, you guys, let’s go.”

“”””Ye, yes””””

Finally, Axel just stared at my face and ultimately said nothing, and
left the place with his cronies.

At any rate, it seems that he recognized me as an equal or superior
opponent.

After that, for some reason, I was able to avoid the red-faced young
holy knights who were trying to offer their swords to me – another
suspension bridge effect? When we also left the place, the squires, who
had been silent for a long time, for some reason had very “demonic”
smiles on their faces.

“Fannie, did you find out something?”

“Yeah, you see…”

When I heard the reason, I understood why the demons and I had disliked
him for some reason.

Axel had committed an abominable deed that no human being should ever
commit. It was…

“I think he was probably using an \[Ability Steal\] type of skill.”


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_4.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_6.md)

