[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_7.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_9.md)



# Chapter 8: Am I Engaged? (3)

Axel declared me his fiancée.

What was he thinking to say such a thing in the presence of such a man?
The Sylber Kingdom has approached us, but the Holy Kingdom has not given
any response, you know?

For now, I decided to have the dinner tomorrow and get away from the
place where this person’s eyes could be seen.

But sure enough, by that evening, the story of my engagement to Axel had
spread through the academy as a rumor.

“Yuru-sama, I heard a strange rumor, is it true that Yuru-sama is
engaged to the prince of the Sylber Kingdom and will become the next
queen of the Sylber Kingdom?”

“…Sherry, where did you hear that?”

For some reason, I was supposed to be the next Queen of the Sylber
Kingdom. I don’t know who started the rumor, but could they really say
that? Isn’t this like asking for a fight on the Sylber Kingdom’s part?

Maybe there were some forces left that wanted to make peace with the
Sylber Kingdom, but what they were doing was counterproductive. Only
those who claimed that they were doing great things were out of control.

Well, that was fine.

“Rushia…”

“I’ve been approached about an engagement, but nothing’s set in stone
yet, you know?”

Noel, who had been working with Sherry in one set recently, looked at me
with a complicated expression on his face. It seems that Sherry used to
be involved in Noel’s search for the missing me, but as she was doing
so, Noel couldn’t leave the out-of-control Sherry alone anymore.

For Noel, I was the person who saved his life and was the saint he
longed for, so it would be complicated if he heard a rumor that I might
be going to another country.

Rick also came to see me, but he didn’t say anything and went back
without saying anything, looking troubled.

That guy was pretty busy right now as well. There was a move to make
Rick the new duke in place of the disgraced Duke of Bellrose, but
apparently the nobles of the faction that wants Rick as King were not
amused, and they were interfering with the move in various ways.

It would be easier to decide if there was one more decisive factor, but
in my position, I couldn’t just side with either prince, could I?

Then came the dinner with Axel. One of my goals would be to agitate him,
but as expected, it would be troublesome if he dies within the Holy
King’s kingdom, so this time I would take the twins Noah and Nia.

Compared to Onza-kun, who was mostly good at defending, the two could
read the atmosphere and be able to react reliably depending on the
situation.

Although I would be dining with a man, there was no problem with not
having to get into the mood because the other party was Axel.

The dilemma arose when everyone wants to get into the spirit of dressing
me up, but it would be tricky if I get dressed up and the other party
gets the wrong impression of me.

Then, I think that my usual black-and-silver dress or white-and-silver
dress might be fine, but the white-and-silver dress was seemingly
proper, but the back was all semi-transparent lace, which might also
bring misunderstandings the most, so I end up choosing the
black-and-silver dress for any occasion.

Recently, I became accustomed to wearing all-black dresses, but when I
work as a “saint,” I imagine people would whisper about my black dress
behind my back every time I wear it.

“Yurushia-sama, would you like to make a new dress?”

“Eh?”

There were only three hours left until the dinner. Under such
circumstances, Noah’s sudden comment made me – not me, but Nia, who had
the same clumsy skills – back away with a horrified look on her face.

In the first place, I have no intention of doing anything about it
because they knew what I was.

“Rest assured, Nia. I have the material, I just need you to embroider it
for me.”

“Then…”

Nia was relieved to hear her brother’s words, but I backed away in
surprise. This girl could do embroidery? I thought she was one of us!

Apparently, the \[material\] Noah was talking about was a tribute
directly from the Daemon King’s domain, famous for its high-quality
materials in the north.

Come to think of it, I asked Noah to send a gothic-lolita dress that
even the Dwarf, Fran, could wear, and he returned with the materials,
which was a thank you for that. The Demon Lord had a well-disciplined
nature, didn’t he?

An hour later, the dress was easily finished.

“How do you like it, Yurushia-sama?”

“I did my best.”

“…hmmm… well, it looks alright…”

The finished product was more like a Chinese dress than a Western-style
dress.

The shape was a slender line with no hem spread, high neck and long
sleeves, but with delicate lace at the neck, shoulders and arms.

And the color was red. Bright red. What kind of bright red material
would be a gift from the Daemon King himself…?

Well, it couldn’t be helped. We have no time to waste, so we’re off with
this.

The designated place was not the mansion in the Royal Capital rented by
the Sylber Kingdom, but a private room in a famous restaurant in the
Royal Capital.

“I’m glad you came.”

“Yes, I’m very pleased to have been invited.”

There, waiting for me, was Axel alone, and while he might have the
ability to do it on his own, it would be careless for a prince of a
country to do so.

“Oh, I left them there because they were bothering me.”

“Heh…”

I thought they would have kept those girls close by, let alone the rest
of the guards.

I glanced at Noah, and he nodded slightly, so it looked like he really
made them go away.

This restaurant provided what was called international cuisine, but
today’s dish seemed to be from the Sylber Kingdom.

Looks like Cantonese food? I didn’t dislike it, but I didn’t like it
either way, and dishes that were neither seasoned with offerings nor
soul wouldn’t suit my taste buds, so I took one bite at a time.

“The Sylber Kingdom’s food doesn’t suit your palate?”

“I’m a picky eater to begin with.”

“No, that’s not good because Yurushia will be the next queen of the
Sylber Kingdom.”

“…Are you serious?”

I never thought I would hear from Axel’s mouth that he wanted to make me
the next Queen of the Sylber Kingdom.

“I’m serious, how does Yurushia see Ester?”

“How…well, I can’t really say anything bad about another country’s
Royalty.”

“Well, that’s more than enough for assessment.”

According to Axel, the next Queen would be chosen from among the entire
nation, but among the current candidates, the most likely candidate
would be the first princess, Ester.

Well, it was not an unrealistic choice. If other nations didn’t know
what to do about \[Charm\], it would be a powerful weapon, and if it
caused a problem, disposing of the source would eliminate a major
problem.

But in that case, Axel would most likely be the husband of the sister
who was not related to him by blood, so there was a high probability
that if a problem occurred, he would be disposed of as well.

I wouldn’t want that kind of life, even if I wasn’t Axel.

“How could you possibly respect that Ester as a Queen in the first
place?”

“…”

I resist the urge to nod my head. …But.

“Would you be okay with me?”

“You would be great, and I’d be okay with Yurushia’s succession,
wouldn’t I?”

“…”

Could this be a serious proposal? That was quite intense.

“Well, I’m not asking you to answer me right away. Why don’t you come to
the Sylber Kingdom for once? The queen seems to be concerned about you.”

“…Heeh.”

What a quirky Queen. I wondered if it was the logical thing to do to get
into the enemy territory, but maybe this would get Axel to return to the
Sylber Kingdom peacefully?

“But there is a problem. After what happened yesterday, word of the
engagement has gotten out, and the guys in Ester’s faction who wants her
to be Queen may go out of control.”

“…You figured it out, didn’t you?”

My eyes narrowed as Axel smirked at me.

“Oh, scary, creepy.”

“…”

Seriously, he was not a masochist, right?

Regardless, it seems that if Ester caused a problem, Axel would
cooperate with us so that some degree of punishment would not become a
diplomatic issue.

…You would have to pay for trying to seduce the devil.

So, this was the end of the deal. I never intended to be a Queen, but to
eliminate the Sylber Kingdom quickly and peacefully, some compromises
would be necessary.

As I returned to the mansion, devouring the soul-filled seaweed bread
Noah had prepared for me in the carriage on the way home, Fell, who was
supposed to be with his mother, rushed up to me as if in a panic.

“Yuru-sama, it’s terrible! Vio suddenly gave birth!”

“Eeeeeeh!”


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](10_7.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](10_9.md)

