[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_071.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 96: What Lurks in the Shadows

**Arc IV: The Assassin Girl and What She Desires**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"The communication from Mardani has been cut off?"

"Yes, sir. His regular contact stopped. According to the liaison we sent
to check on him, there was no one in his shop. He reported that even
after asking around, there were no clues."

In a dimly lit room, an ongoing exchange between two people: one
irritated and one flustered. Around a luxurious table, there were
several chairs with figures seated in them. ...Notably, a few were
empty. The owner of one such seat was Mardani, the very subject of the
conversation.

"Why? He had managed to infiltrate without any problems."

"Yes, regarding that as well... It seems the noble Mardani had been
ingratiating himself with made a mistake and was removed. It's possible
he got caught up in it in some way."

"*Him?* Caught up? I am well aware of his fighting capabilities. It’d be
one thing if an entire army was deployed, but his is not a power that
could be defeated by mere humans."

No longer annoyed, the man spoke with genuine bewilderment. In truth,
with Mardani’s supernatural regenerative abilities and destructive
strength, he should have been able to recover from any ordinary human’s
firepower and mow them down with sheer brute force.

Were there any humans in that country with the power to overturn such a
reality?

"My apologies, we are currently investigating that as well."

"Hmm. It can't be helped... Hasten the investigation. ...However, this
means we've lost all our assets in Valandia."

Silence fell. This was, of course, a great failure.

"Your Majesty…” Tentatively. As if touching a wound. “For the *Oracle*
to be so wrong is unprecedented. Perhaps we should… look into that as
well?"

One person spoke up fearfully, and others looked on with implicit
agreement.

Observing this, the man glared at them with a look full of intimidation.
They trembled in unison, some averting their gazes while others bowed
their heads.

"Oh? So, you are doubting my *Oracle*, and by extension, me?"

"That- Of course not! It is precisely because we believe in you that we
find this so inexplicable!"

A chorus of agreement came in to support the panicked one trying to
salvage the situation.

Appeased by their reaction, he gave a magnanimous nod. "Indeed, you are
correct. I shall have that investigated as well. As for what the cause
was."

Seeing that his mood had recovered, the surrounding figures breathed a
sigh of relief. After all, even if everyone present combined their
strength, they would have no chance of defeating him. If he were to lose
his temper and go on a rampage... Well, the fact that he had calmed down
was nothing less than a stroke of luck.

"Understood, we will get on that immediately. Next, a report on the
southern region. Control over the southern nations is progressing
smoothly. At this rate, it won't be long before they all become
puppets."

As he reported, he glanced at his lord and saw a satisfied expression.
The man continued his report while suppressing a sigh of relief.

"In particular, we have successfully infiltrated and pacified multiple
countries by providing them with armies of monsters and their control
devices. With this, we’ve managed to bring the kings and their subjects
under us. Even if the north doesn't go well, we are building up enough
military strength to overrun them."

"Hmm, good work. If that is the case, while we solidify our hold on the
south... the next target will be the central plains."

As he spoke, he looked down at a map. A vast, arid grassland in the
center separating the north and the south. The country located there
was...

"Ah, regarding that, we have some good news. There has been a
development in our plan to plunge Cordor into chaos."

"Oh? What is it? Speak." He prompted him with a look of interest and
amusement.

Proud of having earned his master's favor, the man continued, "If I may
be so bold, we recently acquired the body of an exceptionally skilled
warrior. We have successfully turned him into an undead without seeing
any of the typical degradation of strength. And, using him..."

"Hoh, I see. Interesting. The *Oracle* has not shown any concern either.
Then, proceed with the plan."

"Yes, understood!"

Bowing their heads deeply, he and the others thought to themselves:
*We’ve managed to survive yet another meeting.* Their tyrannical ruler
was merciless. They had seen more than one person literally lose their
head in the past, so they knew it all too well.

For them, being able to leave alive was a battle in its own right.

"Then, this concludes today's meeting. Everyone, for the glory of us
Demons, obey the *Oracle* and Me, and continue to work hard!"

""Yes, sir!!"”

Everyone prostrated themselves before their lord's declaration.

They survived. For now, that was enough.

And then, tomorrow would come.

Another meeting. Another battle.

To survive. To live as a demon.

Without ever realizing what a suffocating life it was.

"....However, it does bother me."

"Your Majesty, about Valandia?"

"Indeed. Why has the *Oracle* been defied twice? I do not believe it a
mere coincidence. Send in more troops to grasp the situation and report
back."

"Yes, understood!"

As they bowed and disappeared into the shadows one by one, the lord
murmured.

"My *Oracle* will not let anyone escape. *No one* is to escape it."

A bitter voice that reached no one's ears as he too faded into the
darkness.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Farewells become harder the more familiar one becomes with a place.

And in this city, too much has happened.

This is what it means to feel a sense of longing.

Up Next: Setting Off on a New Journey

But they must keep moving forward.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: Very mustache twirly


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_071.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

