[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_042.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 67: The First Lesson

"Now, try to draw from this position."

Serge spoke as he set up another easel and chair. Ellie sat as
instructed and stared intently at Letty.

...Staring.

……Staring intently, as if devouring her with her eyes.

"Um, Ellie, you're a little scary..."

"Oh, I-I'm sorry, I just couldn't help it!” At the model's complaint,
Ellie quickly averted her gaze. She suddenly noticed the awkward
position—looking at Letty from an angle—and tilted her head.
“Er...Serge-san, why this position?"

"Ah, about that, I'll teach you as we draw. First, let's start with the
basics... here, hold this charcoal. Like this, lightly, without putting
in much force. Imagine moving your wrist with as little tension as
possible."

As he demonstrated with his hand, Ellie mimicked his movement. Faint
*scratch, scrape* sounds echoed as black lines were inscribed.

Indeed, black lines were being drawn. But why did Serge's lines alone
emit such a vivid impression? They were dark, yet light. They almost
seemed to glow.

"Ah, I know you're curious about many things, but first, please focus on
capturing the form. We'll start by roughly capturing the outline with
thin lines. Divide the canvas into three sections like this, and let's
place Letty-san's head around the top section. Encompass the head shape
within a large oval."

As he spoke, she drew, weaving the meaning of his words in her mind. *Is
this it?* She thought, rubbing the charcoal, and a small nod came in
response.

"Yes, yes, that's the feeling. Now, let's give that oval some direction.
Like this, draw a vertical center line and a horizontal center line over
the face..."

A curved line was drawn in the middle of the oval. Vertically,
horizontally. With just that alone, the shape of the face began to
emerge. Ellie exclaimed, "Eh, eh," looking repeatedly between Serge's
canvas and her own. Realizing that simply imitating wasn't enough, she
studied the model, Letty, intently again.

*...Such a perfectly sculpted face.* She tightened her grip, pulling
herself back from being mesmerized, and stared.

*Is this the center?* She looked closely before transferring the lines
she saw onto her canvas.

"...Yes, good, that's it. Then, the position of the jaw is already
decided, right? Like this... Then it'll be easier to capture where the
neck connects. It doesn't have to be exact, just try to draw where the
neck is roughly."

He looked at Ellie's canvas, then at his own, and drew lines as smoothly
as if spelling out words. As he did so, the body from the neck to the
shoulders and chest took shape.

Ellie hurriedly tried to catch up, but her lines went wrong. She erased
them once and took a deep breath.

*There’s no way I can do it in the same way, so I just need to go at my
own pace and with my own style. Build the body downwards… from the nape
of the neck …down to the shoulders.*

"Um, Ellie-san? Do you, by any chance, have experience drawing? Your
ability to capture form is quite advanced for a beginner..."

"Ahaha\\... Drawing, huh, you might be able to call it that… Back when I
was in the military, I was assigned to a reconnaissance unit, so I did
some sketches of maps and exteriors."

"I-I see?"

To be precise, it was a reconnaissance unit prepared for armed
reconnaissance. Ellie, with her astonishing defensive and offensive
capabilities, could fully exert her abilities even when operating in
small groups. In fact, there were even cases where less damage occurred
if she went alone.

Perhaps it was only natural to entrust someone like Ellie to a solo
reconnaissance mission.

"Alright, I understand that Ellie-san has a certain level of drawing
ability, so I'll speed up the pace a bit. Once you've got the general
shape of the body, we'll gradually refine the details. Oh, since
Egret-san has long hair, should we draw that first?"

Then, he added lines. Ellie stared blankly for a moment as the human
form took shape in the blink of an eye. *No, no*, she forced herself to
come back to her senses.

The silhouette that formed Egret, her crucial black hair. She
concentrated on capturing the form, being careful not to get lost in
admiration. ...To be honest, she didn't like the texture she herself
drew. *First the form, first the form*, she reminded herself, capturing
it.

"Yes, yes, first let's capture the form like that. And now, finally, to
answer your question: why this angle? From slightly below the
intersection of the vertical and horizontal lines of the face, like
this... roughly sketch the shape of the nose. Then, going back in
reverse, roughly sketch the right eyebrow. ...Ellie-san, you're
right-handed, right?"

"Eh, ah, yes, I'm right-handed, but why...? Huh? Somehow, it's... easier
to draw...?"

She moved her hand as instructed. ...Her hand moved. No, the line she
needed to draw was in a position that was easy for her hand to move to.

"Yes, with this type of composition, it's relatively easy for
right-handed people to draw. Of course, that's why it's drawn so often.
Once you get used to it, I think you should challenge yourself with more
difficult angles."

Saying that, Serge himself moved his hand. The composition he himself
was drawing was capturing the subject almost directly head-on—it seemed
difficult to balance the left and right, yet it was drawn with
terrifying accuracy.

"Um... I'll try my best with this one first!"

Ellie turned her focus back to her canvas.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The lines she drew were probably decent.

But something is different. This is not what she was seeing.

There, a few lines are added, and it gains life.

Up Next: In the Space of a Single Stroke

Surely, she will seek that for the rest of her life.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_042.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

