[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_023.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_025.md)



## Chapter 49: What Was Grasped

The timeline shifts a bit.

This part takes place between the sections about Count Azar and the Duke
in the previous story.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

One day, about a week after the upheaval in the Valandian Kingdom.

Letty and Ellie, who had returned from the Valandian royal capital and
were finally feeling back to normal, visited the Adventurers' Guild in
Azar. With things mostly settled, they had come to report what had
happened.

The moment the two appeared, the receptionist dashed to the back. She
quickly returned with a breathless Thomas.

"You, you two, you're safe..."

"Yeah. We're back."

Letty greeted Thomas casually while he looked overwhelmed as he gasped
for breath. The moment he heard her words, Thomas crumpled to the floor.

"...What's wrong? Out of shape?"

"N-no, there’s no way! J-just come here, you two!"

Thomas hastily got up and led them to their usual back room.

\*\*\*

"...No, how in the world did things end up like that?"

Thomas cradled his head in his hands after hearing the full story from
the two.

He had known that Letty was taking Ellie. But the ensuing whirlwind of
events, the danger the two faced, and their survival... he didn't even
know where to start, or at what part to be surprised at.

...Of course, Letty had vaguely described *jumping* and what Ellie had
done.

"Well... I guess a lot of coincidences just piled up..."

"We never thought it would turn out like that, you know? If we had
known, we could've prepared a bit more."

"I guess that couldn't be helped... We were short on time after all."

"Oh, that's true."

The two in question, meanwhile, were completely unconcerned, oblivious
to Thomas's state. Watching them exchange words as if nothing out of the
ordinary had happened, he sighed for what felt like the hundredth time.

"So, why are you two, the ones directly involved, so calm...?"

"Huh? Because... it ended safely, didn't it?"

"It did *not* end safely! I mean, you came back alive, but still!"

*Ah, what was it about these two's composure? Is this the courage of
people who have been through hell?*

...No, he had been an adventurer too, but not to this extent.

Something was different about these two.

"Alright, well, I understand you two went through something incredibly
difficult. ...I was feeling pretty listless until you came back."

At any rate, these two had returned. That much was certain.

"You two, you did incredibly well. Thank you." Thomas bowed deeply.

Letty waved a hand lightly in response. "It's our job, you know. ...Oh,
right, I have a small favor to ask you, Thomas."

"Hm? A favor? What is it? I'll grant anything right now."

He thumped his chest, and she nodded in acknowledgment.

"I'd like to borrow a pigeon to get in touch with Old Bob."

"Hm? That's easy, but why?"

"Well, I just took care of the Count on the way back, so I figured I'd
ask him to handle the aftermath."

"So casually?!!"

Just when he thought things had finally settled down, they dropped this
in his lap. How could she talk about such things so easily…

"Huh... wasn't that the original request?"

"It was! ...So that's why things have been stirring around the Count's
manor."

"I made it look like a riding accident, so it's probably the cleanup for
that."

"I see. So, you'll have Old Bob arrange things with the Duke or someone
like that, then."

"I've already taken care of things on the Valandian side."

Thomas stared intently at Letty, who stated this so matter-of-factly,
thinking things like, *What is with her efficiency?*

She was certainly competent in the *field*. Though Thomas wasn’t aware,
Ellie had previously extracted information about Count Azar's hobby of
horseback riding...

He hadn't interacted with Letty that many times, so perhaps it was
useless to even think about it.

"If you've done all that, then it's just a matter of Old Bob handling
it, huh?"

"...Probably."

With this, it would all be over. The town would no longer be embroiled
in such turmoil, and he couldn't imagine Old Bob failing.

Concluding this, he flopped back onto the sofa with a *thud*, letting
out a huge sigh of relief.

Struggling to hold back large tears, Thomas spoke with a trembling
voice, "You two, you really, truly... did an amazing job..."

He gazed up at the ceiling. He couldn't look at their faces any longer.

\*\*\*

"Well, well, two beautiful young ladies like yourselves... I'm sorry, in
such a cramped place... I'll get things ready right away."

"No, even if I'm the one who brought them, don't overdo it. Just let me
handle it."

"But you're always so helpful."

"Aha... don't worry about it, it's nothing."

They both exchanged glances at Thomas's uncharacteristically kind and
gentle voice.

They had been brought to Thomas's house. As a token of his appreciation
for their hard work, he had invited them to dinner.

His wife, as he had mentioned, didn't seem to be in the best condition,
and Thomas was busily supporting her. He skillfully helped with taking
care of the baby and preparing dinner, providing precise support to his
wife who was also working hard.

"Um, ma'am, I can help with something too."

"Oh, that's kind of you, um, Ellie-chan...? I'm sorry to make you
worry."

"No, no, I wouldn't feel comfortable just sitting here." Saying that,
Ellie rolled up her sleeves and headed to the kitchen.

...Letty, who was completely useless at housework, simply sat there.

"Sorry, Thomas, can you help me here?"

"Oh, okay, okay, I'll be right there! ...Ah, sorry, Egret, can you hold
this for a bit?"

"Eh, ah, just a moment..."

Thomas, who had been soothing the baby, gave her a quick lesson on how
to hold it. But Letty, who had never held such a soft and fragile being,
was at a loss for what to do.

The baby, not being particularly shy, calmly settled in her arms, and
she gradually began to calm down. As she did, Letty slowly felt the
softness and warmth in her arms.

The baby gazed at her intently, and she gazed back.

As she pondered what to do with the baby's meaningless babbling, it
reached out a hand.

*Can fingers really be this plump and short?* A small, fragile, soft
hand, that seemed impossible to belong to a human. It grasped a lock of
her hair, playing with it like a toy.

Saying "ah\\," it put it in its mouth.

She blinked in surprise, becoming rigid while letting it do as it
pleased.

"N-no, that's dirty..."

"Oh, I'm sorry, Egret-chan, that child grabs everything."

At his wife's voice, she became flustered, saying, "Eh, eh." When she
tried to gently brush its fingers away so as not to hurt it, it grabbed
her finger instead.

*...Weak.*

Yet, she couldn't shake it off.

Her finger was repeatedly squeezed, as if to confirm something, and the
baby's eyes stared intently at it.

*What is this?* Such a weak and fragile being, yet why was it so...

Suddenly, she looked up—Thomas, bustling about. His wife, smiling
gently. Ellie, helping with a cheerful face. And the baby, clutching her
finger.

*...Ah.*

Was this what she had achieved?

Was this what she had protected?

She still couldn’t put a name to the warm feeling rising in her chest.

\*\*\*

Dinner, though simple, was prepared with great care. More than anything,
the atmosphere was incredibly warm, lively with Thomas's unusual
tenderness towards his wife and Ellie's conversational skills. It had
been a long time since she had experienced such a meal.

It was a bewildering yet happy moment.

A moment she surely didn't dislike.

Even after his wife and the baby returned to the bedroom, they continued
to drink, savoring the lingering afterglow.

Ellie, as usual, was a clingy drunk, and Thomas was completely
inebriated.

As she fended off a clinging Ellie, Thomas stared intently at her.

"...Thomas? Is something... wrong...?"

"Ah, right... Hey, Egret. Why did you go so far for us?" He asked with a
flushed, drunken face, yet his voice was serious.

“Huh…?” She tilted her head, looking puzzled at the question. "Because
that was the job, wasn’t it?"

"No, it was, but... still, this thing got way too big. It was a mess
where no one would've complained if you had just walked away mid-way,
you know?"

It was true that it was supposed to be just a simple assassination of a
count at first.

It spiraled and spiraled, eventually developing into a major incident
that overturned a neighboring kingdom. By any measure, it was too much
for one assassin to handle. If she had abandoned it midway, neither he,
and certainly no one else, would have complained.

"Ah, that's..."

*Why…?* She held a glass of alcohol with both hands and thought. She
reviewed everything one by one.

"...Because you went through all that effort at the start already,
Thomas. So, if I had abandoned things halfway through, that wouldn’t
have been right.”

Satisfied with her answer, she nodded slightly and took a sip from her
glass.

A moment later, she looked at the silent Thomas, puzzled.

Thomas was frozen, speechless.

*...Me? Because I worked hard?*

Suddenly, the memory of that time surged into his mind. She, who had
appeared suddenly in a hopeless situation. The impossible request, and
the agony he felt when he had chosen to swallow it and accept his fate.

Everything came back to him.

*Me. At that time...*

*Is this, this returned normalcy, because I had stuck to my principles
back then?*

His body began to tremble, and he could no longer hold back his
emotions. Thomas bit his lip, choking back sobs while tears streamed
down his face.

Letty watched him, puzzled, while Ellie quietly offered him a
handkerchief and comforted him.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Peace regained. But it crumbles easily.

Though, for now, it's just a small thing.

Up next: Trouble Strikes Suddenly

It's nothing major. Often, that's where it all begins.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: It’s settled, Ellie and Letty should just have a baby. Anyway. End
of Arc 2.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_023.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_025.md)

