[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_014.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_016.md)



## Chapter 40: Something of a Homecoming

Stepping into the vast chamber known as the *Garden of the Thunder
Emperor*, Ellie deployed her anti-magic barrier and surveyed her
surroundings.

The intensely concentrated mana, glittering as particles drifting
through the air, created a scene that could almost be called
fantastical. However, a melancholic feeling settled upon her as she
realized this bleak area, one that had once housed various instruments,
had become starkly empty due to the passage of time.

It was the source of power for the strategic magical weapon *Wiskeraf*,
which once wrought havoc across various lands. To control it, or perhaps
to utilize it, instruments and devices had been brought in, and many
mages had once dedicated their lives to conduct research here.

But now, there was nothing. While not entirely devoid of its former
appearance, the relentless flow of time was evident.

For starters—

"So much mana is leaking... is control being lost?"

It was in a miserable state. In the past, there hadn't been this much
mana leaking. During the Prince's explanation, she'd only understood it
as "it might be tough for current humans," but at this level, even Ellie
would struggle without a barrier.

Controlling the barrier's strength, she suppressed her urge to hurry and
approached cautiously. With each step, the mana, so dense it felt like a
physical pressure, blocked her path, giving her the illusion that she
was being repelled.

In a space filled with light—a space where seemingly only light was
visible—her sense of time and distance became precariously distorted.
Each time it threatened to blur how far or how long she had walked, she
lightly shook her head.

*No, not mana poisoning. Maybe prolonged exposure to such violent light
is interfering with my information processing circuits*.

Lost in these disjointed thoughts, she finally arrived at the location.

The core of *Wiskeraf*, the super-large mana reactor. Its operating
principle differed from Ellie's *Void Generator*. It gradually collected
mana from a specified area, further refined it, and converted it into
usable magic as commanded by the wielder.

Compared to *Void Generator*, which had been successfully miniaturized
and could be installed in mobile weapons like Mana Dolls, Wiskeraf
required a much larger facility. However, its characteristic was that
*multiple individuals* could wield immense power. It was said that
humans, fearing the dependence on and sole power of Mana Dolls, created
it to obtain power surpassing them, but Ellie didn't know for sure.

What was undeniably clear was that this power was too great for the
people of this era, and *Wiskeraf*, which had been continuously
collecting, releasing, and operating mana without maintenance, was
nearing its limit.

With that in mind, she approached a familiar control terminal near the
mana reactor. Fortunately, the terminal still seemed functional.

After confirming it, Ellie sat on a chair, pushed her hair back, and
reached for the nape of her neck. She pulled out a cord, extended it,
and connected it to a connector on the control terminal. Closing her
eyes, she relaxed her body and began the synchronization process with
most of her information processing circuits.

After a slight resistance, she confirmed the connection and
synchronization.

*"...Wiskeraf, can you hear me? ...It's been a while. This is
Eliminator - Identification Number 739."*

*"...Identification... Number... 739... Recognition... Performing...
authorization check... Confirmed..."*

The response was slow.

*I knew it was degraded. But for the processing speed to have decreased
this much…*

Despite her thoughts, the authorization was confirmed. Tracing the cause
would have to wait; for now, she had to do what she came here to do.

She used her directly connected processing circuits as an input device.
Because Ellie wasn’t physically operating the terminal, the procedures
were executed at high speed.

She checked the currently running processes and the performance of
*Wiskeraf* itself, along with the status of various devices.

...She thought she heard a slight noise during this check.

One by one, she stopped and terminated the running processes. It wasn't
impossible to terminate everything at once, but Ellie was concerned the
current *Wiskeraf* might be too overloaded to handle it. Suppressing her
impatience, she proceeded surely, one step at a time.

All *Staff* functions ceased—with this, Georg and his men would no
longer be threatened by the staff.

Mana collection function ceased—now, if she could just control the
accumulated mana, there would be almost no risk of exposure to the
large-scale torrent of magical energy.

And then, it was time to proceed with the most critical task: shutting
down the terminal for the *Orb*, held by the Queen, the primary owner.

However, there was a clear, unmistakable anomaly. It wasn't due to any
natural decay in the processes; it was almost like it was done on
purpose—

*"This isn't a bug due to degradation... Could it be a virus?!"*

The moment the realization hit her, she started working her information
processing circuits at maximum speed. She put up a barrier to prevent
interference while trying to forcefully inject the necessary termination
commands.

Ellie herself was not equipped with direct countermeasures for such
*foreign objects*. If the *foreign object* had offensive capabilities
against her, she could only defend and endure.

It wasn't attacking her yet... but it was firmly repelling the
termination attempts, trying to give priority to its own processing.

*...What is it trying to do...?* Ellie lacked the ability to analyze it.

Only one thing was certain: she couldn't stop the *Orb's* functions as
things stood.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The place she reached, it was waiting for her.

She should have known it was there.

But what is this?

Up next: That Which Resides on the Throne

What is here?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_014.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_016.md)

