[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_045.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_047.md)



## Chapter 70: What to Put on The Brush

Returning from Serge's studio, the two were quieter than usual. It was
an unusual sight: Ellie, who normally chatted away, was lost in thought
or distracted, and Letty was watching her out of the corner of her eye.
She was thinking about whether to speak to Ellie or not. While she was
pondering, they reached the city.

The city streets were bathed in twilight, and the diverse crowd was
hurrying home with quick steps. Letty subtly guided the pensive Ellie to
the side of the road, positioning herself between her and the main flow
of people.

...This was the first time she had seen Ellie so oblivious to her
surroundings. It was a little worrisome, yet Letty wanted to leave her
be.

What Ellie had discovered was surely meaningful. That much was evident
from the drawings she had completed, and more than anything, seeing what
Serge had drawn made it undeniably clear. The only frustration was that
Letty could only be involved as a model.

There was no particular reason for it—almost instinctively, Letty took
her hand, causing Ellie to look up with a start.

"Eh, Letty-san? Is something wrong?"

"No, you seemed lost in thought, so I thought I'd lead you."

The excuse was an afterthought. She couldn't bring herself to say that
she just wanted to hold her hand, as it felt like it would be admitting
defeat.

Then, seeing Ellie's joyful face as her hand squeezed back, Letty felt
her own expression soften. *...Maybe I’ve already lost.* Such a thought
crossed her mind.

Walking through the twilight streets, holding Ellie's hand. For a
moment, she was reminded of a scene in Ausberg from the other day.
However, something was different this time. It was a difference that
created a slight knot in her chest.

Not knowing exactly what it was, they made their way towards the inn.

\*\*\*

Soon they arrived, had a light meal at the attached tavern, and returned
to their shared room.

"Haahhh... It's really amazing, isn't it..."

As soon as they returned, without a moment to settle down, Ellie took
out the sketches from her satchel and gazed at them. She already
possessed the knowledge and ability to appreciate such pieces. And
perhaps, having actually tried drawing herself today, her eyes had
become more discerning. ...The brilliance of the sketches resonated with
her even more deeply than when she first saw them.

*How can someone draw such lines?*

*How can someone create such textures?*

*...How can it look like this?*

She pulled out her own drawings and compared them. What was different
between hers and his?

No matter how much she thought, her current self couldn't imagine it.
She pondered, *Is it this way? Is it because of that?* She thought and
thought... but she couldn't understand and could only sigh.

"...I know that drawing is amazing, but isn't it pointless to strain
yourself so much?"

"Ughh... That's true, but\\..."

She knew.

Thinking about it any further would probably be meaningless.

All she could do now was confirm her ideas by actually moving her hands.

...Unfortunately, her concentration and similar faculties were exhausted
for the day. That, too, was incredibly frustrating.

"I wish tomorrow would come sooner\\... I want to draw again so
badly\\..."

Letty watched Ellie grumbling for a while. She looked so frustrated, yet
also so eager. Surely, this was a good thing for Ellie. She thought so,
but—

"...You're completely engrossed, aren't you..." Saying that, Letty
plopped down beside her.

Perhaps she had spoken a little curtly… she suddenly felt embarrassed
about it and looked at the drawing Ellie was gazing at, as if finding an
excuse to avoid eye contact.

"Of course I am. Because then I can keep my Letty-san inside this paper
forever, you know?"

"Eh," Letty was left speechless by the unexpectedness. *What did she
mean by that?* For some reason, her mind became strangely muddled.

"Ah, I'm sorry, I misspoke... I said it as if Letty-san were my
possession. When I'm the one who's Letty-san's possession..." With that,
Ellie looked at her.

Letty felt her heart give a *ba-dump!* Her cheeks burned.

She didn't know why her body reacted this way. She only knew that the
cause was Ellie's gaze.

...Letty couldn't meet her eyes. It was something akin to fear. Yet, it
was different from fear, rather it was a warm premonition.

"Well, for me, this is how I see Letty-san. And I'm so happy that I can
put that into form and show it to you. ...And I'm so frustrated when
it's not what I imagined. I want to express even more how wonderful
Letty-san is to me."

Clumsily. Passionately.

Whispered near her ear.

Her cheeks, already hot, grew even hotter.

It was just like...

"...What you’re talking about sounds like a love letter, you know..."

She suddenly blurted that out.

"Ah!" Ellie clapped her hands, as if realizing something. "I see! A love
letter from me to Letty-san! That must be why I'm so into this!"

*Oh no,* she thought, from the bottom of her heart. She had come up with
a fatal answer to the reason for her embarrassment.

And then—

"Now that I know that, I'll just have to try even harder starting
tomorrow!"

Facing Ellie, who was smiling joyfully, her eyes sparkling, Letty could
no longer deny it.

Starting tomorrow, love letters would be drawn right before her eyes.
And they would be read out loud, right in front of Serge.

"What kind of face am I supposed to make as a model starting
tomorrow..."

Letty looked up at the ceiling, looking utterly bewildered.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Each drawing for their own reasons, day after day.

One couldn't help but wish these days would last forever.

But they can’t go on forever.

Up Next: Days Gone By

Once you start drawing, there's no turning back.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_045.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_047.md)

