[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_036.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_038.md)



## Chapter 61: Who Are You?

After Letty reluctantly agreed to be a model, Serge led them to his
studio, saying he would show them around.

Located by the lake, what he called a "studio" was—to put it kindly—a
rather shabby hut. But then, as the property of a self-proclaimed
humble, commoner painter, perhaps it was unavoidable.

Stepping inside, the strong scent of oil paint immediately assaulted
their noses. It probably hadn't been cleaned much, as the air was
faintly dusty. Perhaps to protect the paintings and paints, only a
minimal amount of sunlight was allowed to filter through. Indeed, it had
the distinct ambiance of an unsuccessful painter's studio.

Or so it seemed, until Ellie gasped in surprise at the works displayed
within.

"What?! Is this a portrait by Rembourg?! And this, Pablosso's
self-portrait from his youth... Eh? Monel's masterpiece, *Water Lilies*,
and Durie's abstract painting... Why are these here?!"¹

Numerous masterpieces from the era of the ancient magic civilization
were displayed in this humble painter's studio.

Now it was Serge's turn to stare at the gasping Ellie in shock.

"Huh, Ellie-san, you recognize these? They were painted during the
Ancient Kingdom period; not many ordinary people would recognize
them..."

"W-well, I'm a mage, you see, and I also research Ancient Kingdom
weapons, so I study such things... Huh? But then, why are they here?"

These works should, by rights, be housed in a national museum. Yet, they
were in this man's studio—treated with some care, but still, rather
haphazardly displayed.

And what's more, upon closer inspection...

"...These, for something from the Ancient Kingdom period... the paint
looks new...?"

"Ah, you noticed... You really do know a lot."

In the process of being equipped with the communication skills expected
of a commander dealing with nobles of that era, Ellie had also been
embedded with a certain amount of general knowledge. That's why she held
some knowledge of painters and their representative works from that
period. Her memories sometimes matched, sometimes didn't... and
sometimes matched *too perfectly*.

"The paint looks like it's from that era... but it also looks like it
was prepared recently."

"Hey, so does that mean... this is..."

With just that much, Letty put the pieces together. Having walked a less
scrupulous path in life herself, she was quick to grasp such
implications. But she deliberately held her tongue, just staring and
waiting for what he would say next.

"...Haha, it seems there's no way to deceive you. Yes, I‘m... a mere
fringe painter... or rather, a person who doesn’t have the right to call
himself a painter. In other words... I’m a forger."

Serge was smiling, but his expression and eyes were tinged with an
indescribable bitterness. Letty gazed at his face for a moment, then
back at the paintings.

"Ellie. If you mistook them, does that mean these paintings were done
with incredibly high skill?"

"Eh, ah, yes, that's right..."

After being called upon, Ellie hastily took another look. She
re-examined each piece, comparing them to the data in her memory. *Hm?*
She tilted her head, contemplated, then looked again, many, many times.

"Um... did you really paint these, Serge-san?"

"Yes, without a doubt, I painted them."

"Is that so... really..."

His confirmation only confused her further. That's how similar they
were.

"I'm not an expert, so I can't say for certain, but... at least to me,
they seem to be painted with incredible skill. The accuracy of the
depiction, of course, but also the reproduction of each individual
touch... "

Saying this, Ellie approached one painting.

"For example, this one, it seems to be an imitation of Monel's *Water
Lilies*... This meticulous pointillism... It's a technique where you
apply paint in tiny dots, and the intricacy, the color scheme, and above
all, this bright, open atmosphere... it truly doesn't look like it was
painted by someone else."

"Oh, wow... I see, now that you mention it... when I get closer, it's
very clear."

After hearing Ellie's explanation, Letty's interest was piqued and she
took a closer look. After gazing for a while, she nodded with a *hmm,
hmm*. Ellie then pointed to another work.

"This one is a forgery of a Durie piece, right? He's a painter who uses
thick impasto to create a very realistic texture, while depicting
impossible scenes that strongly appeal to the viewer. ...In other words,
these should be paintings with completely different styles, nuances, and
artistic approaches."

"...Yet, both of them are paintings that took even you by surprise. Even
though they were painted by a single person."

Comparing the two, they were clearly different paintings. Yet, they were
supposedly created by the hands of one person.

"It's amazing."

"Yes, I think it's incredible... just being able to paint one type of
work this well is amazing, but to do so with so many different
styles..."

Serge, who had been listening to Ellie's explanation with a pained
expression, blinked at their comments. He looked back and forth between
their faces, as if saying, "Eh, eh?"

"Um, you two... you... that’s all you have to say? I mean, shouldn’t you
be more…"

He was, after all, just an art forger. He had braced himself for
mockery.

"Huh... But this takes incredible skill, doesn’t it? I don't know much
about painting, but even I can tell that this was done with amazing
skill"

"Indeed, there aren't many people with this level of skill."

They nodded as if it were obvious, while Serge looked at them as if he
couldn't believe what he was hearing. He questioned if the two even
understood what they were saying.

"Um... like, selling forgeries, or... accusations, so to speak..."

"If there are people who will buy them, isn't that fine? To make a
living... I think it's still quite a peaceful means."

Letty had seen far worse things being sold. Her own abilities being,
perhaps, the worst of them all. If so, then what he was painting...
actually, she even felt a rising sense of respect.

“Mhm, mhm,” Ellie nodded. “This isn’t hurting anyone. And... you must
have acquired various skills to be able to sell them, right? This level
of effort is something most people can't achieve."

Seeing the two of them, Serge stood speechless.

*What are these two saying?*

*No one’s ever said such things to me before.*

*Because, I... I... aren’t I just a con artist?*

He tried to deny himself.

But then—

"How much did you practice to be able to paint like this?"

She asked him so directly.

His past days came rushing back. Over thirty years, from when he aspired
to be a painter until he passed forty. He had always faced the canvas
alone.

His own paintings had never been appreciated.

And yet.

Now, two people he had just met today acknowledged him.

"Well, yes, how much practice... how much..."

There wasn't a day he hadn't practiced.

There wasn't a day he hadn't moved his hands, his brush.

Unrecognized, yet believing that a day would come when he would be
recognized.

...Believing, believing, until he could no longer believe.

"Practice, was..."

He gazed at his hands.

Dirty hands, stained with paint and charcoal.

"It's not that I *did* practice... I’m *still* practicing..."

"Ah, I see... I'm sorry. You're right, you'd get rusty if you didn't
keep at it... and you wouldn't be able to do this..."

Understood. Accepted.

...He felt acknowledged.

He couldn't hold it in anymore.

"Such a thing... such..."

He couldn't form any more words. He looked down, and tears splattered
onto his palms.

What his hands had done. What they had been stained with.

It hadn't been in vain.

With these hands, the dirtiest in the world, the scummiest in the world.

...And the proudest in the world.

He covered his face and sobbed for a while.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

He made a promise for tomorrow.

The person he was yesterday is still holding him back today.

And he’s still dragging that along.

Up next: Tomorrow, Yesterday, and Today

He wants to believe that someday, he will be set free.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN:

¹I’m guessing the artists referenced are probably supposed to be
Rembrandt H…(omitted), Pablo Picasso, Claude Monet, and Salvador Dalí


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_036.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_038.md)

