[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_033.md)



## Chapter 56: Even as King

After helping the mage recover and thanking him, then thanking Georg
again, and chasing away the knights who approached, they passed the time
with their usual trivial and aimless antics. Before they knew it, it was
already well past noon.

Since they were there, they were invited to lunch. There was a moment
when Georg, perhaps foolishly, declared, "This one's on me!" which
caused a horde of hungry knights to swarm him, only for Georg to scatter
them.

\*\*\*

After lunch, and after shaking off lingering goodbyes, they left the
town of Ausberg.

The journey from there was smooth sailing. They were blessed with good
weather and kind people along the way. Upon entering cities, Georg's
issued permit granted them access without any trouble.

They did have to camp twice along the way. But it wasn't difficult; in
fact, they even found it enjoyable.

The summer night air, with a hint of the day's heat still lingering. The
tiny crackling sounds of the bonfire they shared.

And looking up—

*All those lights in the sky are stars.*

She had lived in the world of night; she was sure she’d seen them
countless times before. Yet, it felt like the first time she had truly
looked up.

An overwhelming sensation.

*What have I been seeing all this time?*

*What’s different now?*

She even felt a sense of bewilderment.

...Though, when she spoke honestly about it to Ellie, she was met with a
gentle smile and had her head stroked as if she were a child, which she
found unfair.

They continued their journey smoothly. A week later, they safely arrived
in the Valandian royal capital.

\*\*\*

"...This place still hasn't been repaired, has it."

"It's been only, let's see... two weeks and a bit? It hasn’t even been a
month yet."

The two crossed the Eastern Bridge, where Georg and the First Knight
Order had clashed. Foot traffic and wagon movements had already resumed,
but somehow, the sound of footsteps and rattling wheels echoed with a
desolate tone.

Looking closely, dark red stains clung everywhere. Arrows, swords,
spears; various parts of the bridge were marred.

Although the bodies had been removed, the scars of battle remained
vivid. As if to quietly tell of the many lives lost there.

They advanced quietly, as if internalizing the scene.

"Ellie, do you have a moment?" When Letty spoke, she stopped at the end
of the bridge and turned her whole body to face it.

"Yes, I'll join you." Ellie, understanding, followed suit, turning to
face the bridge.

They gently closed their eyes and offered a silent prayer.

It wouldn't bring the dead back, but remembering their deaths like this
didn’t feel pointless. Most people passing through here probably did the
same.

Despite being a crucial traffic point leading to the main street in
front of the royal castle, the spot where the two offered their silent
prayer was enveloped in a serene quietness.

\*\*\*

After offering their silent prayers, they once again headed towards the
royal castle. As expected, once they entered the city, the closer they
got to the castle, the more vibrant it became. They moved through the
bustling main street, weaving through the crowds.

Eventually, they reached the service gate of the castle.

"Well, well! I've heard from Georg-sama, please wait a moment!"

Georg had likely sent a messenger ahead of their arrival. The gate guard
immediately smiled when he saw the permit they presented. One of them
rushed inside to notify the castle. Then, almost without delay, an
escort arrived to guide them in.

They were led to a small room deep inside the castle, and after a short
wait—

"Hello, you two, it's been a while... or perhaps it’s still too early to
say that."

Leonhardt arrived, accompanied by several attendants. Dressed in a deep
crimson cloak with a high collar and gold trim, he seemed to have
matured dramatically from his earlier princely aura. He now exuded the
air of a full-fledged young king, especially combined with his already
mature expression.

"...I think 'It's been a while' is fine."

"Yes, it has been a long time, Your Majesty Leonhardt."

As the two rose and bowed and offered their greetings, he displayed his
familiar smile.

"Haha, I'm still not used to being called 'Your Majesty.' Oh, that's
right, let me introduce you. This is Marius von Landier, the new Court
Mage."

The mage introduced bowed respectfully. He was a young-looking man
standing behind Leonhardt. He wore the formal robe of a Valandian Royal
Court Mage, embroidered with magical patterns in gold and silver thread.

"I am Marius von Landier. Please allow me to make your acquaintance. I
have heard much about you two from His Majesty and His Excellency
Rheinberd. I had hoped to meet you one day, so today is truly a stroke
of fortune."

He smiled warmly as he spoke.

"...I am Egret. I have no family name as I'm a commoner, so just Egret.
Nice to meet you."

"I am Ellie. It is a pleasure to meet you as well."

After returning the greetings, the two exchanged glances, looking
thoughtful.

"Oh, um, are you two alright?" Marius asked, concerned, as Letty
furrowed her brows in a troubled expression.

"I'm sorry, but... who was Rheinberd again?"

"Oh, that's Georg. Come to think of it, I hardly ever used his full name
in front of you two. Georg von Rheinberd."

Leonhardt, who had been watching the two with a puzzled expression,
explained this, and the two "Aha'd" in understanding.

...Then, they suddenly fell silent again. Marius began to fidget
nervously as the two began to tremble slightly with suppressed laughter.

"Your Excellency... Georg, Your Excellency..."

"W-well, he is, but... Georg-san, Your Excellency..."

Leonhardt, overhearing their murmurs, put on an incredibly broad smile.

"It doesn't suit him, honestly."

With that single remark, laughter erupted like a broken dam, and the
two—with Leonhardt joining in—all three laughed together.

Marius, left alone in the atmosphere, could only stare at the scene in a
daze.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The peace gained at the end of the turmoil, and what one realizes within
it.

What was that all about?

And is it over?

Next time: A Thorn of Doubt

Even when something should be gone, a feeling of unease remains.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_031.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_033.md)

