[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_064.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 89: One Man’s Rumors

—On a hill close to the capital city of Valandia, the very spot where
the two had tumbled before.

There, a heavy *thud*, as something was thrown into the thicket, could
be heard. They had set the coordinates for a place where almost no one
would pass, hoping to avoid being seen at night.

"...I... I see... *Leaping* with two people feels like this..."

"Ughh... my head's spinning..."

Having been thrown carelessly, the two lay piled on top of each other,
utterly exhausted and unable to move. Ellie, on top of Letty, clung to
her due to nausea, and Letty herself could barely move due to intense
fatigue.

"Ughh... I'm sorry, Letty-san, just a little longer like this..."

"Yeah... I don't think I can move for a while either..."

*Fuhhh…* Letty let out a long sigh. She had *leaped* this distance many
times before, but had never felt this level of exhaustion. She suspected
it was because they had *leaped* together.

*I can only use this in an emergency,* she muttered to herself.

She thought it would make things so much easier if the two of them could
casually *leap*. ...She didn't consider even for a moment going back to
leaping alone; it was a consideration she wasn’t even aware of.

"Does *leaping* always feel like that? I feel like I saw something I
shouldn't have..."

"Eh... no, I don’t particularly... Maybe it's because it wasn't me?"

It seemed like it was best not to overuse it, for a variety of reasons.
Both of them swore it in their hearts.

\*\*\*

A considerable amount of time passed after that. Finally, feeling
better, the two sat up.

"Anyway, we were planning to camp here tonight and enter the capital in
the morning, so it's fine, but... I feel like we ended up wasting time
somehow..."

"Right? Oh, Letty-san, please just rest. I'll prepare the camp."

"...Really? I'm sorry, please... I'm still a bit sluggish..."

"No, no, don't worry about it ♪"

Letty was still looking a bit listless. Ellie, on the other hand, seemed
to have fully recovered and briskly started a fire, arranging the ground
cloth and bedding.

"When I saw it before, *Leap* didn't seem to cause that much fatigue,
did it?"

"Yeah, it wouldn’t normally make me feel this tired even over this
distance..."

"So, it really is different with two people, huh\\. ...How far can you
go?"

Ellie was intrigued; it was something she had never properly asked
before. Letty tilted her head slightly.

"How far, I wonder... At least, I've *leaped* from near Azar to the
capital of Jurastin."

"To be able to *leap* that far is incredible, truly... So, is there a
limit to the number of times you can use it?"

"I haven't done it that many times in a row, so I don't know, but about
3 times was perfectly fine."

"I see... I fully understand now why *Reapers* were considered
invaluable."

Ellie nodded, a mix of exasperation and admiration on her face. Just
seeing it with her own eyes was incredible enough, but what she heard
was even more so. Despite the unexpected trouble, being able to properly
confirm this might not have been so bad after all.

With that in mind, Ellie soon finished preparing the camp.

\*\*\*

The next morning, after clearing all traces of their campsite, they
headed to the gate at opening time and entered the royal capital.
Georg's letter, presented along with their adventurer cards, still had
its usual effect, and they were let through without any problems.

The main street was bustling with people heading to work, carrying
goods, or going for meals. They proceeded along it for a while, before
turning right into a street lined with many shops dealing in arts and
crafts.

"Alright, Ellie, please."

"Yes, leave it to me!"

After all, Matilda didn't even know the location of Mardani's shop.
Letty and Ellie, needless to say, didn't either. So, they had no choice
but to start by locating it.

And Ellie, as always, somehow managed to glean information through small
talk.

"It's strange, it really is just casual conversation, but..."

Even though she had left it to Ellie, Letty couldn't help but murmur
that.

\*\*\*

Soon, the shop's location was discovered. They also learned that Mardani
was apparently not there at the moment. He was probably visiting a
client.

Perhaps it was just as expected, but they learned that Mardani's
reputation was not good. He apparently often used aggressive tactics to
steal customers from competitors.

"Some merchants almost hated him for that, you know, that guy."

"How did it get that bad? It doesn't seem to be just a simple rivalry."

It was certainly true that he had been stealing a considerable number of
noble clients, his so-called regular customers. But would that alone
earn him so much ire? Perhaps he was involved in other shady tactics.

While coming to such conclusions—

"He's not at the shop right now, right? If he took that painting out, it
might show up on a search."

Of course, it would be different if the painting itself had interference
magic cast on it. But it was still worth taking the time to check.

"Right," Ellie agreed. Letty immediately began chanting.

Soon, the magic activated... and Letty furrowed her brow in puzzlement,
tilting her head slightly.

"Letty-san? What's wrong??"

"Hmm, it wasn’t blocked this time, but..."

"Eh, that's great! Oh, is the location bad, or something?"

"Not bad, in fact, it's rather convenient, but... Why there?"

*Why would Mardani, an art dealer, take Serge's painting there?*
...Letty had a bad feeling.

"It’s.. inside the royal castle."

"...Huh?"

Hearing the location, Ellie's eyes widened.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

When faced with cruel and unreasonable tyranny, would there be anyone
who wouldn't give in to anger?

However, swirling flames sometimes burn their own source. Unreasonably
so.

Up Next: How to Tame Emotion

Because there's no choice but to deal with it.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_064.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

