[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_073.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 98: Sometimes, These Things Happen

The gentle clopping of hoofbeats echoed.

They guided their horses at a steady pace, slightly away from the flow
of people, but in reality, the scenery was passing by much faster than
when they had been walking. And from the high vantage point of the
horse, it felt a little unsettling.

"...I can't seem to get used to traveling by horse."

"Well, I don't use them much either, but isn't this nice in its own
way?"

If it wasn't a new place, Letty would have been able to travel there in
an instant. But riding side by side at a pace other than her own wasn't
so bad. In fact, she felt a ticklish sensation in her chest. It was a
feeling she hadn't experienced when she traveled with the Third Knight
Order to the royal capital of Valandia.

Recalling that time, she turned to Ellie.

"Come to think of it, you said you were in the army and participated in
a war. Didn't you travel by horse? Or did you walk?"

"Ah, we didn't use horses much. They developed a kind of horse-less
carriage, and we mostly used that for long-distance travel. ...It looks
like that technology has been lost."

The collapse of the Ancient Magic Civilization had resulted in the loss
of much magical knowledge, skills, and the tools and machines they had
created. At the very least, it was certain that the carriages Ellie was
referring to had not been discovered in the ruins of the former
facilities. If they had been, they would undoubtedly be in use already.

*Traveling by horse is nostalgic, but nothing beats the convenience of
those carriages.*

"Well, they were faster than a horse's gallop and could run for a much
longer time. The vibrations were terrible at first, but they got better
and better."

"I see. That would make me stop using horses too... It would be so
convenient if we had them now."

They would be convenient. But to one who didn't know about them, it
sounded like nothing more than a fairy tale. To Letty, right now,
traveling together on horseback felt much more fulfilling.

"Have they not been found in any ruins?"

"I haven't heard anything... I think discovering something like that
would cause a huge stir, so they probably haven't been found yet."

A familiar face resurfaced in her mind. If anyone knew for sure, it
would probably be Old Bob. It had been several months since she had left
Jurastin. *I wonder if he’s doing well…* Just as she was feeling
nostalgic, Letty’s eyebrows furrowed.

"Letty-san, is something wrong?"

"Mm... I can feel something strange up ahead..."

Sensing her discomfort, Ellie's expression also changed as she saw Letty
staring into the distance. She couldn't see anything yet, but she had
complete faith in Letty's senses.

"...A group is attacking something. A carriage, probably."

"Are they bandits? I heard there weren't many on this road. What should
we do?"

They assessed the situation, listened, and conversed calmly. The only
remaining trace of their earlier mood was the sound of the horses'
hooves. They continued to move forward.

"...At this rate, we'll reach them before they finish plundering.
There's no way to go around either. And well..." She stopped speaking.
She was a little confused by her own thoughts. "I don't feel right
leaving them alone."

"Fufu, I think that's a good thing. I'll follow your lead, Letty-san."

"Mm, thanks. Then... let's go."

Feeling a slight sense of embarrassment seeing Ellie's smile happily,
the two of them urged their horses forward and galloped ahead.

\*\*\*

The sound of hooves striking the ground. The wind ruffled their hair,
making it dance. In their bobbing field of vision, a group of figures
came into view.

"I can see them now. There are about 20 bandits surrounding two
carriages. They're in the middle of a fight with what looks like the
carriage guards."

"Ellie, you go around to the left and take care of them. You can't use
*Mana Bolt*, so don't get too close. And be careful with the power of
*Mana Blaster*."

"Understood."

Wrapping up their brief discussion, they closed the distance. Some of
the bandits surrounding the carriages noticed the sound of the galloping
hooves and turned to look. A few of them seemed to be carrying bows.

"I'm going in."

With that curt remark, Letty dismounted her horse and pushed off the
ground. Ellie slowed down, lagging a little behind her, before breaking
left.

"Huh? Whaddya want? Do you wanna die?"

A bandit who had turned to face Letty waved his sword threateningly.
Letty didn't respond, instead drawing her short sword.

"Mana Blaster."

A torrent of light erupted from behind, blowing away a few men who were
positioned behind the carriage.

"Huh?"

As the surviving men stood dazed, unable to comprehend what had just
happened, Letty closed in. A bandit frantically brandished his sword,
but Letty's short sword wrapped around his blade and knocked it away.
Her blade then moved into the man's exposed neck as if drawn to it
before slicing through.

As she jumped to the side to avoid the fountain of red, another man came
into range. He frantically readied his blade, but it was too late. Just
as he was about to swing, Letty sliced him under the armpit, and he
dropped his sword. The blade then returned, slashing his throat.

"What’s with that woman? Dammit, attack from over there!"

A couple of bandits who noticed the abnormality aimed their bows at
Letty, and three others came running. She moved towards them, measuring
the distance while keeping an eye on the archers.

*They don’t seem like much, but they’re still annoying.* With this
consideration, she changed her direction slightly to the left,
positioning herself so that the men rushing towards her were in the line
of fire, and then rapidly accelerated.

"What, she's fast!"

She used her short sword to parry the flat of a frantic thrust,
deflecting it... and then sliced off the man's unprotected wrist. As he
panicked from the pain and bleeding, she passed him on the right. The
remaining two men split up, attacking simultaneously from both sides.

She dodged the left man's overhead swing and the right man's horizontal
slash by jumping to the left. As she landed, Letty swung her short sword
at the right elbow of the man who had just swung his sword down, causing
him to scream and drop his weapon.

"Gah, ah, whoa!?"

"Whoa, get outta the way, ya bastard! Agh!"

She kicked the man who was panicking in pain squarely in the side,
sending him tumbling into the man on his right. A throwing knife
immediately lodged itself in the second man's forehead.

She didn't even have time to catch her breath as she headed for the two
archers. In their panic, the arrows they shot flew far from their
intended target.

"Dammit, stay back! Get away from me!"

"Take this, ya bastard!"

As they yelled curses and frantically nocked new arrows with trembling
hands, the distance between them closed.

And then—

On the other side of the carriage, a roar and a flash of light went off.

"What the hell, what’s happening?!"

The men who didn't know what was going on panicked, and Letty, who did,
continued to approach.

"...Looks like she's finished over there."

She murmured softly, then jumped to the side to get out of the archer's
line of fire while sending a throwing knife into the throat of the man
who was frantically trying to aim again. She used her blade to knock
away the arrow shot by the other man.

"N-no way... agh..."

Stunned by the sight, the man was left unable to resist as Letty closed
in and sliced his throat, causing him to lose consciousness.

Letty took a step back to avoid the blood, flicking the red liquid off
her blade. She then took in her surroundings only to see the remaining
five men running away after realizing they couldn't win.

She checked her surroundings, confirmed there were no more people with
the will to fight, and then let out a sigh.

Ellie came around after finishing her side of the fight, asking, "Should
we chase them?"

"No, I don't think that's necessary... Hmm?"

As she watched the fleeing men, thinking that just chasing them away was
enough, she saw a figure even further ahead. A small traveler was
walking toward them.

"Oh no, they might get caught up."

Letty murmured and ran after the men.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

More swift than a spring river.

More precise than a single drop of rain hollowing out a rock.

More vivid than a waterfall that suddenly appears before your eyes.

Up Next: Like Pouring Water Down a Standing Board

And as bothersome as a lingering shower.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_073.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

