[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_017.md)



## Chapter 41: That Which Resides on the Throne

The Prince's unit, having decimated the enemy forces lying in wait,
sustained remarkably few casualties given the scale of the clash.
...*Few* being the key word.

Several dead soldiers lay among them.

Though they should have been given a proper burial, time was of the
essence. In an effort to do the minimum, they were laid against the
wall, eyes closed. After a brief moment of respect, they immediately
resumed.

"I'm sorry. I promise to return and give you a proper burial..." The
Prince murmured apologetically, then pressed onward.

The Third Knight Order was somewhat quieter but they showed no overt
emotion. Letty was likely the only one whose demeanor remained
completely unchanged.

From that point on, there was almost no significant resistance. It
seemed the unit they had just encountered was indeed the main force.

After some more running, they finally reached the throne room. Inside,
there were only two presences.

"...Egret, can you tell what's happening with the mana supply?"

"Just a moment... *Mana Sense*. ...What is this...?"

Unfortunately, the supply of mana had not yet been cut off. However, the
way it was being supplied was strangely abnormal.

After observing for a while, the source of the anomaly became clear: The
amount of mana being supplied was incredibly unstable.

"...So, that means Ellie has started her work, then?"

"I think so. Still, there's something off about it..."

As the two spoke, the mana supply gradually... began to decrease. When
Egret announced this, the Prince nodded.

"Alright, then, as planned... from here on, I, Egret, and ten others
will charge inside. The remaining members will wait here and prevent any
outside reinforcements from arriving."

Perhaps having witnessed Egret's earlier rampage, no one objected. They
quickly reorganized the unit, reformed their ranks, and when
preparations were complete—

"...Let's go. It's time."

*I’ll do my best to start with persuasion, but… it’s likely futile. How
far will this escalate?* The Prince clenched his fist tightly and took a
deep breath. They were about to storm the throne room.

Facing ahead, he slammed the door open.

\*\*\*

Waiting for them beyond the door sat the Queen on her throne, looking
down with a cold expression. And beside her, the Chancellor with a faint
smirk.

"I heard a commotion and thought it might be you, Leonhardt. What is
this disgraceful state you’ve shown yourself in?"

"Mother. I’ve come to offer my counsel. Abdicate immediately and yield
the throne and the *Orb* to me."

He spoke in a deliberately subdued voice, but the Queen merely scoffed
and dismissed it.

"What foolishness are you speaking of? Why should I do such a thing?"

"Mother, do you understand what you are doing? You torment the people,
waste soldiers, and create friction with other nations in your forced
expansion of the country. Where do you intend to lead this kingdom?!"

The Queen gazed at Prince Leonhardt, who spoke with a sharp tongue, with
genuine bewilderment, as if truly puzzled deep down.

"Where, you ask? It's obvious, isn't it? If it's a nation, it's natural
to expand and dominate. The people? Soldiers? And as for other nations,
what is there to worry about? More importantly, Leonhardt, do you not
notice something?"

...He felt something was off. As the Prince furrowed his brow, the Queen
alternately presented her left and right cheeks, as if trying to show
him something.

"...I don't understand. I truly don't understand what you're trying to
say!"

"What an insolent son you are! Behold, this skin, rejuvenated like a
maiden's!"

".........Huh?"

Witnessing the Queen's angry outburst, he inwardly felt a foolish sound
had escaped him. So utterly... childish were the Queen's words.

"...Mother? What... are you talking about?"

Finally, she let out a rapturous sigh, gazing at her own fingers. "I
said, look at this skin! This youthful skin, it's a small price to pay
if I can have this."

Leonhardt, whose understanding finally caught up, trembled with anger.

*This, this person.*

"You!! What are you thinking?! Do you know what you're saying?! You
sacrificed the people, the soldiers, for something like *that*?!"

"What do you mean *that*?! Do you mean to say you don't understand the
value of this?!"

"I don't understand, I truly don't understand!!! How many lives do you
think were sacrificed for *that*?!"

"After all, you're just a man, you wouldn't understand! ...How about
you, woman there? Surely, you understand? The value of this skin!"

Letty, who was even more out of sync with the situation than the Prince,
flinched when suddenly addressed. She stared at the Queen's skin... then
tilted her head slightly.

"I'm sorry, but... I don't really understand either..."

"Hmph, that's what happens with ignorant young girls! It doesn't matter
anymore, all I need is this..."

The Queen gazed dreamily at the *Orb* in her hand. The scene evoked a
strange feeling of dissonance, an anomaly.

The Prince cast a suspicious gaze at the Chancellor, who had barely
spoken and was merely smirking, observing the scene. "Chancellor, you,
you did something. What have you done?" It was just an intuition, but it
seemed he wasn't far off.

"Oh no, I did nothing. I merely indulged Her Majesty's desires... I
simply gave her a gentle nudge." A nasty smile played on the
Chancellor's face.

*He’s almost certainly the root cause of all this. I doubt he’ll break
easily.* As he thought this, the Prince began to reach for his sword.

"...I'd like to ask something too... You, what are you? ...You're not
human, are you?"

"Oh ho ho! Indeed, indeed. So you were one of the reasons His Highness
made it this far without a hitch!"

It must have hit home; the being that looked like the Chancellor laughed
with genuine amusement. Seeing this, the Prince understood, his face
twisting.

"What?! ...The Chancellor was certainly human... Then, you—"

"Hee hee hee, that's right, that's right!! I am no mere human! Now that
you know, further questions are useless. You shall die here!! ...Hm?"

It was in the midst of transforming from a human shape into an aberrant
form. As Letty suddenly appeared within striking distance, her dagger
cleanly pierced the Chancellor's left flank. As she twisted it in, there
was a grinding sound.

"Why, when, why there?! M-my core!!"

"...You were talking too much."

It was the brief moment when the Chancellor and the Prince were
conversing. Letty, who had inferred he was a demon from their exchange,
had used *Mana Sense* to locate the Chancellor's core—the source of
magical power that could be called a demon's heart. That was why she had
aimed for the left flank, an area she would rarely strike against a
normal human.

*CRACK!* A sound like something shattering.

"D-damn... Just one step away, just one step... But not for nothing..."

"...Goodbye."

One final push.

The core completely shattered, and the Chancellor’s mana dispersed as if
repelled... and vanished. Only Letty, the Prince, and one other person
in the room could feel it. With a *thud*, he fell, causing the Queen to
look up.

"...Chancellor? ...Chancellor?? ...Leonhardt, where did the Chancellor
go?" Perhaps she hadn’t noticed the commotion up until now, as the Queen
finally took her eyes off the *Orb* and looked around with a puzzled
expression.

"...Mother, what are you saying? He's lying there, fallen. After going
so far, Mother, you must be prepared for such things." The Prince
replied with an expression of pity.

Suddenly—

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!! Chancellor!! Chancellor!!!!"

The Queen, her face contorted, tore at her hair and thrashed about in a
fit of bizarre madness. At her apparent mania, the Prince and his men
recoiled in shock.

And then—

*Clang!*

A metallic sound echoed.

"...So, the barrier’s still up..."

Without reading the mood, Letty had attempted to land a blow with her
dagger, however it was repelled. As she was forced to distance herself,
a grating, ear-piercing voice, like noise forcibly coalesced into
speech, resounded—

"Aaaaaa!!!! ChancellOOOOR!! WHYYYY THE CHANCELLOOOOOOR!!!!"

Everyone froze, and even Letty flinched. The *Orb* in the Queen's hand
suddenly began to pulsate with light and emit an ominous sound.

A dingy, faint glow.

It was the only way to describe it, somehow dim yet undeniably
recognizable as light... a torrent of mana. They could only watch as it
entwined with, devoured, and absorbed the Queen.

"POWER!!! POWER!!!! POWER!!!!! GIVE ME MORE POWER!!! ALL POWER!! ALL THE
POWER!!!!!!"

Meaningful static.

A roaring, noisy sound.

A disparate voice whose meaning was understandable yet utterly
repulsive.

After the light and the roar faded—

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!"

A human form, yet it was not human.

An *aberration*.

Something that could only be described as such had appeared.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Blood flows, and the body has long since withered.

Still, he cannot fall before his comrades do.

Their mutual resolve supports each other. But even that limit is near.

Up next: The River Stained Red

As long as there is still something left to shed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: Letty on team not-waiting-for-the-transformation-to-finish


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_015.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_017.md)

