[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_077.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 102: The Trading City of Cordoba

After the great buzz caused by Dominique's skill subsided, the break was
over, and they resumed their journey. However, this time, Dominique was
constantly bombarded with questions from the warriors and subtle demands
for continuous contracts and further praise from the merchants. As a
result, Letty was freed from Dominique's clutches.

Or perhaps Dominique had decided it was no longer necessary.

In truth, she had been forced to acknowledge it, shown something more
eloquent than any amount of words could convey. Each blow landed
precisely on the most vulnerable spot.

Ellie quietly gave Letty space as she was lost in these thoughts, seeing
her already few words dwindling further.

\*\*\*

The rest of the journey proceeded smoothly, and they reached their
destination without incident.

When Letty worried that their hire fee might have been wasted, the
merchant just laughed, "Not at all! It's cheap when you consider it a
thank you to our saviors. More than anything, Dominique-san, you showed
us something incredible. Oh, oh, can I tell others about your wonderful
sword-slicing skills?"

"Huh? My, if you think it's worth talking about, go ahead. You can
advertise for me too; I won't be retiring just yet."

"Of course, of course, I’ll stake my reputation and connections on it!"

An innocent exchange. Neither of them could have known the various
ramifications that would later stem from such a conversation. In any
case, they had reached their temporary destination.

The border city of Cordoba.

Belonging to the Kingdom of Valandia, it was a large city bordering both
the Kingdom of Cordor and the Kingdom of Gaschnar. Because it was a
strategically important military base, it was surrounded by a long
defensive wall and permanently garrisoned by Valandia’s Second Knight
Order. Despite this, it also served as a crucial trading hub, so there
was a lot of traffic, and the city was brimming with energy.

"Thank you so much to all three of you. If there is anything we can do
for you, we will certainly help! By the way… May I ask where you are
headed next?"

"No, no, it was nothing♪ We're planning to head to the royal capital… of
Cordor..."

Ellie spoke while glancing at Dominique, who remained present and was
smiling very mischievously.

"What’s this, what’s this? I knew you were going to the sword
tournament. All the more reason you should train, Egret. With me, you'll
be a completely different person in just a month." Dominique started to
pester Letty again in her usual unreserved manner.

"No, it's not the tournament, it's a separate matter… Wait, Ellie, don't
look at me like that! No, it's not what you think!" Letty floundered
under Ellie’s cold gaze, with her usual composure nowhere to be found.

Watching the three of them amusedly, the merchant continued his pitch,
"Then that's perfect. There's a trade caravan leaving for the royal
capital tomorrow. Could I ask you to guard them?"

Friendly, gentle, amusing. And perhaps shrewd. Dominique seemed to have
taken a liking to him. "Of course, we don't mind. And what's the fee?"

"Well, considering your skills, how about this much..."

"Ooh, not bad, but I'd like a little more, please."

"Oh, Dominique-san, you drive a hard bargain!"

It was a truly amicable and cheerful exchange. Yet, an undercurrent of
calculations subtly shone through. The two of them were clearly enjoying
the negotiations and probing each other's intentions.

Watching them, Letty let out a small sigh, "Dominique, why are *you*
speaking for all of us..."

She couldn't help but feel exhausted, as they hadn't even agreed to go
together yet.

\*\*\*

"You're heading to the royal capital anyway, aren't you? Then take
tonight to think carefully about whether you want me as your teacher,
and let me know tomorrow."

In the end, the fee agreed upon between the merchant and Dominique was
not bad at all; in fact, it was quite favorable, so there was no reason
to refuse. At the very least, it was settled that the three of them
would go to the royal capital of Cordor as escorts.

The only remaining decision was whether to accept Dominique’s proposal.
Entrusting the final decision to Letty, they agreed to meet in front of
the merchant's shop in the morning. Dominique, mentioning she had a
favorite inn, parted ways with them for the time being. Her strong
confidence was, given the flow of events, to be expected.

After Dominique left, the two of them looked at each other with
understanding.

"...Shall we find an inn first?"

"Yeah... I feel mentally exhausted."

And so they made their way.

The city streets, with the twilight closing in, were a spectacle neither
of them had seen before. Feeling somewhat uneasy, they naturally held
hands.

*Just holding hands makes me feel so much more at ease… Is it really
that simple?* Thinking something uncharacteristic of herself, Letty made
her way through the crowds of the unfamiliar city with Ellie.

Mingling amidst the people of Valandia, whose fashion was relatively
similar to that of Jurastin, they saw the people of Cordor in more
practical, easy-to-move-in clothes. It was said that this change in
style was to suit their frequent horseback riding.

They also observed the passersby from Gaschnar, who wore an abundance of
loose cloth to protect themselves from the strong sun of their homeland.
The foreign atmosphere reminded them that they had traveled a great
distance.

Letty squeezed Ellie's hand. Ellie squeezed back.

They looked at each other and smiled.

The feeling of being out of place evaporated just like that. They felt
both fulfillment and a sense of belonging. They made their way through
the city while chatting about various trivial things.

"Doesn't this place look nice?"

"Mm... Yeah, let's stay here."

The inn they discovered while walking was clean and had a moderately
lively atmosphere. When they went to the reception, a double room was
available, and they chose it without hesitation. They entered, placed
their luggage in a corner, and sighed in relief.

"Shall we have dinner at the tavern downstairs?"

"Yeah... I don't feel like looking for anything else, and it looks
decent."

They sat side-by-side on the bed. And for some reason… For some reason,
they held hands again.

"...What's wrong?"

"...Nothing."

There were many things Letty wanted to say. But the words wouldn't form
properly. She found herself just holding Ellie's hand.

"Fufu, you're a strange one, Letty-san."

Ellie spoke with a truly radiant smile.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A foreign night. A night of occasional anxiety and occasional
excitement.

People savor foreign food, deeming it essential to the romantic spirit
of travel.

Sometimes, it leads to a happy encounter.

Up Next: An Encounter with the Exotic

Sometimes, to the extent that one regrets not having known it sooner.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_077.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

