[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_054.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_056.md)



## Chapter 79: Wouldn't It Be Loverly?

...*Chirp, chirp*, the sound of birds chirping.

Serge slowly opened his heavy eyelids, then closed them once, dazzled by
the morning sun. Then, cautiously, he opened his eyes again. A familiar
bedroom, a familiar ceiling, a clear sky. With this, the light was
unlikely to affect the painting's color tone.

Noticing his own thoughts as they casually revolved around painting, he
leaned his head back on the pillow with an exasperated sigh. *Phew*, he
exhaled to relax, and when he inhaled again, there was that familiar
scent that had recently become commonplace. He felt his lungs, still
aching and hot with a dull throb, heal just a little.

...He was alive.

Somehow, still alive.

That brought him relief.

Perhaps thanks to the night's sleep, his body, though sluggish, could
move. The sensation in his fingertips was probably fine too.

*...I can still paint.*

His priorities made him let out a soft chuckle. No matter if he was
dying or what not, that was just the kind of person he seemed to be.

If that were the case, perhaps sacrificing himself for it was also true
to his nature.

Slowly, he sat up, took off his sweat-drenched shirt, and got changed.
His emaciated body inevitably caught his eye. Still. As long as his
hands could move…

He moved the fingers of both hands as if to confirm, then nodded and
clenched them into fists. Then, he made his way towards the kitchen
where Matilda was cooking.

"...You're up?"

"Yeah, good morning."

She glanced at him briefly, then immediately returned to her cooking. He
thought her eyes looked a little red.

\*\*\*

Breakfast was quieter than usual. An atmosphere as if they were both
probing for something.

He wasn’t sure how long that lasted. When Serge had almost finished, he
put down his spoon and looked at Matilda.

"Matilda. ...I'll paint today as planned too."

"...Is that so?"

"Yeah, and... it'll probably be finished today."

"Is that so..."

And then, silence again for a while.

They were both searching for words. There were mountains of things they
wanted to say. But they were no longer young enough to simply blurt
everything out. And they were no longer ignorant of each other.

"Then, will it be dry enough to move by tomorrow evening?"

"Huh?” Matilda's words seemed completely unexpected, causing him to
falter for a moment. Then, he pondered, his gaze wandering into empty
space. “...Ah, yeah, it should be dry enough by then, I think."

When he gave his answer, Matilda smiled broadly.

"Then, I'll come pick it up around tomorrow evening, so help me carry
it. It looks like it'll be hard to carry by myself."

"I don't mind, but... I don't think it'll make much difference if I
help."

Honestly, he thought Matilda might have more physical strength than he
did as things stood. In that case, he'd probably just be in the way.
When Serge said that, Matilda gave a slightly exasperated wry smile.

"...And while you're at it, why don't you have dinner at my place?"

"Ah... yeah, that sounds good."

Indeed, that was an appealing offer for his current self, and at the
same time, he thought it was necessary. Probably for his human self.

"If that's decided... I guess I'll try a little harder today."

He spoke with a smile, then stood up and began clearing the dishes.

\*\*\*

That day, his brush was particularly inspired.

Not only could he create what he wanted and place colors where he
intended, but he could also relax where needed and apply force where
necessary. He could vary the strength as he wished, making the
painting's impression warm and soft.

What he wanted to paint came to life exactly as he imagined, even more
so. Textures he hadn't even thought of emerged.

And then—

"...I think this is it... finished..." He spoke as he put down his
brush.

*Phew*, he exhaled the breath he had been holding. His eyes met
Matilda's as she exhaled at the same time, and they exchanged wry
smiles. For a moment, he looked up at the ceiling and took another
breath. Then, he looked at the painting again.

"Yeah, I think it's good." He murmured softly.

"What?! You're just going to sum it up with one word!?" Ellie, who had
been observing from behind, couldn't help but exclaim.

Next to her, Letty was nodding emphatically. "I don't really know much
about art... but this is amazing, isn't it?"

She gazed at the painting again. Even to her, who wasn’t particularly
sensitive to high quality art, the emotions conveyed were palpable. It
was no doubt even more so for Serge, who had a trained eye.

"What, what's all the fuss about... Let me see too."

"Ah, here, it's like this."

Serge moved aside so she could see easily. And upon seeing the painting
that spread before her eyes, Matilda gasped.

A woman sitting in a chair, facing forward, bathed in warm sunlight.
Truthfully, she wasn't particularly beautiful. Her hair was dry and
frizzy, lacking luster and vibrancy. Wrinkles etched around her eyes and
mouth, her neck beginning to sag. Even her figure was fuller and softer
compared to when she was a girl. The years had clearly been imprinted
upon her. Even the clothes she wore were not of fine quality. Indeed, it
was clearly her.

And yet.

She couldn't take her eyes off it.

"...Do I really look like that...?" She murmured softly.

The eyes of the woman in the painting were as gentle as a loving
mother’s, yet they shone like a maiden in love. Her gently curving brows
and lips formed a soft smile. As that impression grew stronger, even her
relaxed physique seemed to be an expression of gentle embrace. Perhaps
because of the texture of the sunlight filtering in, she could feel the
warmth on her skin, despite just looking with her eyes.

To be confronted with that, after clearly recognizing herself there, was
incredibly embarrassing.

"Well, that's... how it looks to me," Serge said, scratching his head
bashfully. She turned red and looked down.

Ellie, who had almost cried out in excitement, instantly covered her
mouth with both hands, desperately holding back. At the same time, as
Letty watched on with a puzzled expression, she realized when she looked
at Ellie.

*I see, this is Serge's letter to Matilda.*

Understanding this, she kept silent so as not to stir up any further
trouble.

She looked at the painting again. The warmth, the tenderness, and most
of all, which she could even feel, was...

"...Is this what they call 'love'...?"

She murmured to no one in particular.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is no such thing as eternity.

But does an end truly exist?

Is what we perceive as an end truly the end?

That is the eternal question of living beings.

Up Next: Unseen Form, Visible Truth

Uncertain, yet certain.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN:

I feel the need to point out that the original chapter title was written
in English. I didn’t touch it!

I was (and still am) on the fence about changing it. Regardless, I
googled it, ‘loverly,’ only to find it out it’s actually a real word.
And can be found in the Merriam-Webster dictionary. Lover-ly. As
befitting a lover.

Seems like it fits?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_054.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_056.md)

