[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_069.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_071.md)



## Chapter 94: The Final Stroke is Cast

"Well done, you two. It seems you were successful."

It took a while for Ellie to calm down. After that, they slowly made
their way back to the royal castle. Even so, the redness had not
completely left Ellie's eyes.

Sensing the atmosphere, Leonhardt and Georg didn't mention it.

"Yes, I don't know if I'd call it a complete success, but at the very
least, we got what we needed." Letty nodded.

Leonhardt motioned for them to sit, then took a seat on the sofa
himself. After waiting for Letty and Ellie to sit side by side, he began
to speak.

"First, let me tell you about the situation here. The Count confessed
everything, in public. What he said only corroborated our previous
investigation, so it wasn't particularly interesting. Ah, and we caught
some others of his kind, so I, for one, have something to look forward
to."

With Leonhardt's announcement, coupled with his ominous smile, they were
momentarily left speechless. Even though the anger had somewhat
subsided, it seemed it hadn't completely gone away.

"However... this *Lie Detection*… It was very useful, but... it's
frightening."

"...Frightening?"

Letty tilted her head at the unexpected word.

"Lies won't work anymore. But that doesn't mean everything will be
alright. Now people will either stop talking or find ways to speak that
aren't technically lies. If used improperly, it will just create a
different kind of distortion, I'm sure."

The grimoire was discovered after Letty's hint led them to search the
royal archives. The magic it contained was certainly powerful depending
on how it was used. Because of that, he had to consider its application
very carefully.

"I even get the feeling that someone might think it's better to just get
rid of Marius."

"Your Majesty?! That is, well, how shall I put it, I think there's a
better way to phrase that!"

He waved a hand dismissively at the flustered Marius, saying, "My
apologies." Then he folded his hands and spoke in a slow, halting voice,
as if speaking to himself.

"So, from now on, I want to create a system where there's an advantage
to speaking the truth. Even if there's a blunder, by speaking honestly
and consulting, a solution can be found. I think that would be a good
solution. Well, it won't be easy to achieve immediately."

Logically, it would be the most rational approach. Unfortunately, people
aren't always logical. Leonhardt knew this well, so he wasn't planning
on rushing things. Still, he kept that thought in his heart.

"Now then," he said, clapping his hands together to change the
atmosphere. "Could you tell me about your report?"

Prompted, Letty and Ellie began their report. For the most part, it was
as they had expected, though there was a slight surprise when they heard
about the demon's true identity. In any case, the report concluded
without any hitches.

"Hmm... as I thought, Amartia is suspicious."

"We're ready to deploy more spies," Georg offered.

Leonhardt stroked his chin, thinking. After a while, he said, "Yes...
it's dangerous, but necessary. I'll have you make the arrangements.
Emphasize that their first priority is to return alive. That's all that
matters in this situation."

"Yes, understood." Georg nodded, as if to say, "I know what to do."

After a single nod, Leonhardt turned back to Letty and Ellie.

"Now then. I'm grateful for your cooperation once again. It was a joint
effort because our motives aligned, but it's certain that you were a
great help. If you want a reward, I'd be happy to give you one."

When he said that, Letty and Ellie exchanged glances. Letty nodded to
Ellie, who was looking at her for direction. With a timidness that was
very unlike her, Ellie spoke.

"Then, Your Majesty... I have a request."

"Yes, of course. It will be to the best of my ability, but go ahead and
tell me."

Expressing their gratitude to the easily agreeable Leonhardt, they then
made their request. What followed left even Leonhardt and Georg
speechless.

"In terms of possibility, it's certainly possible. That painting is,
well, pretty much yours anyway."

After saying that, Leonhardt fell silent for a while, considering what
to do.

"However, I'd like to attach a condition, if that's alright."

"Yes, of course."

"Thank you. Then, here's what..."

Leonhardt's condition was a very reasonable one, so naturally, Ellie and
Letty agreed.

\*\*\*

The next day, everyone gathered in a room in the royal castle. Letty,
Ellie, Leonhardt, Georg, and one other person. Leonhardt introduced him
as the head of the court painters.

"Now that everyone is here, you may begin."

"Yes, thank you very much."

In the room were an easel and something else. It was the painting,
removed from its frame. It was propped up on the easel.

Ellie sat in front of it and began preparing her painting supplies, such
as her palette.

Yes. Ellie's request was to be allowed to make corrections to the
painting.

In response, Leonhardt's condition was to have a court painter
supervise. His official reason was that, just in case, he wanted to
prevent any strange corrections from being made to a work that had won
the grand prize. But only Leonhardt knew that was just the official
reason.

"Well then, I'll begin."

"...Ellie."

Since she seemed a bit nervous, Letty gently rested a hand on her
shoulder. She smiled as Ellie flinched. "You're too tense. ...Just do
what you always do."

"Ah, y-yes! Thank you!" Ellie smiled and nodded before taking something
out of her pocket. It was the hardened piece of paint from back then.
She placed it down and studied it.

She slowly took a deep breath. She felt the sensation of sending air to
the back of her head. The hard knot there slowly made its way down.

As she did, she could smell the paint. A familiar, almost nostalgic
scent. The atmosphere, the heat, all came back to her.

An image came to her mind and body. She slowly picked up her palette,
placed three colors of paint on it, and began to mix them with her
brush.

"...She's got quite a handle on it."

"Yes, my worries were unnecessary."

Georg and Leonhardt, observing the process, exchanged whispers so as not
to disturb her. With practiced hands, she mixed the paints, creating a
new color.

Over the past few days, Ellie had practiced mixing them over and over
again whenever she had a moment. She had compared them countless times
with the fragment that served as her model. She felt that she could
finally get the exact color she was aiming for.

The color she created was impeccable to anyone who saw it. She let out a
small sigh of relief.

"Oh, what a deep color... I wonder where she'll use it." The court
painter murmured softly.

Yes, there were no major problems up to this point. The problem was what
came next.

Where had he intended to place this color? How much area had he intended
to cover?

There was no one left to answer. So, that being the case…

"Where would Serge have put it..." "What would Master have done..."

She picked up the fragment and held it up to the painting. Where did
this color belong? Where would Serge have thought to put it?

She moved the fragment around slowly, pondering, and fitting it to the
painting. As she did, she recalled—

His habit of color combinations.

The feelings he entrusted to this painting.

His intended aim.

She followed his techniques, his thoughts.

"...Here? But, is it really...? Is this right?"

She found a spot that seemed to fit. But was it the right one? With what
kind of brushwork?

Hesitating, she stared at the canvas. She compared the current painting
with the painting with this color added, in her mind. Was this the image
that he had envisioned?

She thought. She pondered. She compared. She considered.

She immersed herself in the image of the painting, and conversed with
his traces etched upon it.

*“There it is,”* she thought she heard a voice say.

She slowly picked up her brush and, following that voice and the image
that had welled up within her, moved her hand. She did so without
breaking his brushwork, just as she had envisioned.

It was a matter of a single moment. A task in a small corner of a vast
canvas.

"...I think this is good."

She found that her breathing was ragged. The moment she let her guard
down, a wave of fatigue washed over her. *...Did Master always
concentrate like this?* The question came to her mind.

*...Ah, I still have a long way to go.*

And that made her feel strangely happy.

"Ellie, you did great." As Letty patted her head, she let herself be
coddled. She could say with certainty that she had done everything she
could.

"Painting is surprisingly hard work. I should probably pay more
attention to it."

"Well, that's just your personality, Georg. Now, what do you think?"

After teasing Georg, Leonhardt spoke to the court painter standing
nearby. The painter responded with a small "Ah," and stared at the
canvas intently.

"I must say, the color she added gives a softer, calmer impression than
the original colors. Technically speaking, you could say that the
extreme contrast, which was one of its features, has been softened."

Ellie tensed slightly at his observation. Although she had already
braced herself for the contrast to be softened.

"However, looking at it now, perhaps it was too extreme. You could even
say it was a bit jarring. With that color added, the painting feels more
reassuring and easier to accept."

That was precisely what she had been aiming for. And... what she had
hoped for. That it would be what Serge had in mind when he created this
color.

"...Lastly, and this is just my personal opinion… I prefer this one."

The moment Ellie heard those words, she felt her breathing catch.
Slowly, slowly, all the tension drained from her body.

"Thank you for the analysis. ...Yes, I like this one better, too. I can
understand how the impression it gives has changed."

"I don't know much about painting, but I can see how just adding a
little bit can change the entire feeling."

What she had done. What she was able to do.

"Yes. I like this one better, too. You really did a great job, Ellie."

The words of praise, and the feeling of being hugged.

Surely. It was not a mistake.

"Letty-san... I, did I... do it? Did I paint it without ruining it?"

"Yes, you did it. It's okay, you did a great job."

While being hugged, she stared at the canvas. Compared to her master,
there were probably still rough patches. But her best effort blended in
perfectly with the canvas. She had been able to create the color and the
texture she wanted.

*I did it.*

The moment she realized that, tears began to fall, and she buried her
face in Letty's chest.

Amidst the rush of emotions—whether it was joy, sadness, a sense of
accomplishment, or frustration—she felt as if she heard a voice say:

*"Well done."*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Amidst the endeavors of people, things are built.

Sometimes, they are suddenly lost, and the answers are forever left in
the dark.

Is it human nature to still seek those answers?

Up Next: Eternal Homework

Or perhaps it is like a curse.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_069.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_071.md)

