[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_047.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_049.md)



## Chapter 72: Already Nostalgic Memories

"I'll let this dry completely now. It should take about a day... so
tomorrow I'll probably work on some other *everyday* paintings. You two
are free to do as you like."

When Serge explained his upcoming plans, the two women exchanged
glances. As Ellie made puppy eyes, Letty gave a wry smile and nodded.

"Um, can we come again tomorrow? We'll stay to the side so we don't
disturb you. I'd like to draw and observe, if that's okay..."

"I sort of thought you'd say that. Of course, that's fine. I might not
pay much attention to you, though."

Though he said that, Serge had a broad smile on his face.

\*\*\*

As the sun began to set, the two departed. Serge saw them off and closed
the door. ...It seemed his attacks weren't going to surface today.

Somehow, he felt good. The brush had flowed freely today. Though it
hadn't fully taken shape yet, he could see the image of the finished
picture beyond the rough underpainting. He was itching to do more, but
his hands were tied, and he had to wait for it to dry.

"I know I'm supposed to stop for today, but..."

He sat in his chair, gazing intently at the painting he had started
today.

It was frustrating.

He was impatient.

He couldn't wait for it to dry.

His mind, his heart, his body were all clamoring for him to paint.
Images welled up one after another, and his fingers moved on their own,
wanting to draw this way, paint that way.

More, more, more!

Explode, crave, yearn!

Pour all of it into the paint!

While staring at the canvas, he was letting himself be consumed by
something dazzling, akin to desire, when suddenly, there was a knock on
the door.

"Who could it be at this hour...” His thoughts were interrupted, and he
snapped back to reality. “Yes, yes, just a moment."

*Ah, I was just getting to a good part,* he thought, scratching his head
as he walked with heavy steps to the door. And when he opened it,

"Matilda... what are you doing here?"

"What's wrong with me coming to see my ex-husband's face?"

Standing there was Matilda. In her hand, she held a large basket.

"Well, nothing's wrong, but... What's with the basket?"

"You... you haven't been eating properly again, have you? You'll
collapse if you don't put something in your stomach. Here, let me in."

She spoke with exasperation while observing Serge's face. Then, she
pushed her way inside, practically shoving the basket into his face.

...When she'd seen him last, he looked like death. Today, he was a
little better, but his complexion still wasn't good. She let out a small
sigh, thinking, *This man is just as he always was.*

Pushed aside by Matilda, Serge found himself letting her into the room.
If he thought about it, there was no reason to refuse, but considering
how they'd parted ways recently, it was a little awkward.

"Still a mess, I see... Hmm? What's this?"

Matilda looked around the room before her eyes fell on a painting. It
must have been painted just recently, as a distinct scent lingered, and
it emanated a strange presence.

"Ah, that's the painting I'm working on now. ...I'm thinking of entering
it in the next contest." Serge noticed Matilda's gaze and replied,
scratching his head a bit shyly. And yet, he also seemed to exude a
quiet confidence.

"Hmm... You're not drawing while drooling over a young, pretty lady, are
you?"

*Smack!* She gave his back a rather hard slap. He coughed slightly from
the unexpected blow, then looked at her resentfully, tears welling in
his eyes.

"It's not like that, you know that, right? I'm not that age, I don't
feel that way, and I'm not that kind of person."

She laughed brightly in return. "Oh, I know. I know all too well. To the
point where it's sickening, I know."

For a moment, silence fell. She lowered her gaze and sighed with a
gloomy smile.

His clothes were worn out and haphazardly washed. The size appeared
baggy too. He seemed to have lost weight again.

"I know very well that painting is the most important thing to you.
...Even your own life is second, or less. So, I figured you hadn't eaten
again. This is just a return for all your unnecessary meddling."

"Matilda... I'm, sorry."

"How gross. Acting all humble."

It was nothing new. After all, that was the Serge that she was familiar
with. Matilda, too, had been so absorbed in assisting his painting that
she neglected her newborn child, with daily life coming second. Even
when their son nearly died from illness, nothing changed. ...No doubt it
would’ve been the same even now.

That's why she thought it was the right decision to leave. Otherwise,
they surely wouldn't be able to laugh together like this now.

"By the way, how's Theo doing?"

"Oh, thanks to you, I even managed to feed him something good the other
day. ...It's really gross, you sounding like a father."

"No, I am his father, aren't I? I mean, I certainly wasn't much of
one..."

Those days were certainly not good. Yet, looking back, they weren't all
bad; perhaps there was even a hint of nostalgia. But he couldn't go
back, and he didn't intend to.

"Honestly, you suddenly acting like a father makes me worried. Here,
lend me the kitchen. I'll get things ready quickly."

"Oh, yeah, go ahead."

Matilda headed towards the indicated direction with the basket in hand,
then grimaced as she peered inside.

"What is this? I have to clean it first!"

"...I haven't used it in a long time, now that you mention it."

"I figured as much, but it's so true it's exasperating."

She put the basket down, then rolled up her sleeves and sighed again. At
this rate, just preparing a meal would take quite a while.

"No, if you clean it too, it'll get late, won't it? That's really too
much trouble, I'll manage it myself."

The sun had already set, and it was quite late. This area wasn't
particularly safe, so he couldn't send her back late. When Serge tried
to stop her, Matilda gave him a meaningful look.

"Don't worry about it. I told grandma I might stay tonight. ...You don't
mind, do you? We're ex-husband and ex-wife, after all."

Her expression was a familiar one.

"Ah, well, that. ...Yeah, I don't mind, but..."

Serge's hesitant reply was also reminiscent of the past.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Morning arrives. How long has it been since such a morning?

Morning sun and a meal. The commonplace, now, is commonplace right
before his eyes.

It's remarkably nostalgic.

Up Next: A Human Morning

Will it be only the body that awakens?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_047.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_049.md)

