[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_011.md)



## Chapter 35: Parting Is Such Sweet Sorrow

Three days of riding.

The surprise assault force, led by Prince Leonhardt, pushed forward with
minimal breaks and reached the outskirts of the royal capital.

Along the way, spies reported that a unit composed solely of knights, as
expected, had departed from Barlstadt. Scouts were deployed en route.
According to their reports, the First Knight Order was calculated to
catch up in about two hours.

"Everything's gone according to plan so far, wouldn't you say?"

"No, my calculations were a bit off. I thought they'd arrive a little
later."

*Two hours is enough to reach the castle and secure it, but… not enough
time to issue a decree for the First Knight Order to surrender using the
king's authority.* Thinking of this, the Prince couldn't maintain a
cheerful demeanor.

Despite this, the very man who was risking his life was speaking so
nonchalantly.

"Nonsense, for us, it's all part of the plan. Besides, even though
they're eager for death, they're tenacious folk. They might surprisingly
survive, you know. Your Highness, please don't worry and just do what
you must."

As the one sending them to their deaths, the Prince didn't know what
expression to make.

"I understand, but... it seems I still lack experience. ...Though I
suppose this kind of experience is quite rare."

"You'll gain it from now on. ...We'll soon cross the bridge."

Heeding Georg, the Prince looked up.

The outer moat, originally a large river flowing through the plain where
the royal capital stood, was about 100 meters wide. Naturally, the
bridge built to cross a river of such width was wide enough for 20
people to stand abreast, and made of sturdy stone.

Once they crossed it, they would part ways with the unit remaining here.
And that unit, of course, would be commanded by Georg.

*I truly believed I had steeled myself, but it seems I’m still far too
soft. Could this moment in time not flow just a little slower?*

He had to reaffirm his resolve before crossing this bridge. As he
struggled with these thoughts, an unexpected sight unfolded before him.

"Hey, Georg. It seems there’s a lot of scrap wood and crates gathered at
the foot of the bridge."

"Ah, as soon as this operation was decided, I sent out fast riders. I
called on an old pal of mine who owes me a lot. I told him to gather
anything that could be used for a barricade... The rascal, it seems he
got more than I expected."

Seeing Georg leisurely observing the scene, hand shading his eyes, the
Prince suddenly felt foolish for worrying and couldn't help but let out
a wry chuckle.

*Ah, how presumptuous for me, a mere youth, to bother worrying about
this man. A sturdy commander far more formidable than a child such as
myself.*

"Speaking of which, the heir to the Rheinberd house is apparently famous
for never losing a street brawl."

"Haha, that was just youthful indiscretion. ...Though I feel like I've
just gotten older without changing much at all."

The Prince finally felt like he was back to his usual self. If that too
was part of this man's plan, it would be irritating, but also amusing.

...They crossed the bridge.

And he steeled himself.

"Then, Georg. ...I leave it to you."

Georg thumped his chest in reply to the Prince. "Yes, please count on
me, the sturdiest ship around, Your Highness."

As the corps reformed, Letty and Ellie caught up from behind.

"Oh, Egret and Ellie, good work. Well then, I'm entrusting His Highness
to you, alright?"

"...Hmm, understood. You be careful too."

"Yes, understood. Georg-san, may you have good fortune in battle."

Despite their short acquaintance, they were remarkably unfazed. But that
was reassuring. Georg believed the two were undoubtedly seasoned. They
held no unnecessary sentimentality for those going to their deaths, or
for going into a death trap themselves, only the necessary tension.

The 100 knights accompanying them were all hand-picked veterans. And
then, these two. As he genuinely felt they were more than enough
personnel to entrust the Prince to, a fearless smile naturally appeared
on his face.

"Then, Your Highness, this is where we part ways. May you have good
fortune in battle."

"Ah, Georg, you too, good fortune."

*He has a good look on his face.* Thinking that, Georg felt like making
one of his usual playful remarks. He grinned at the Prince.

"Ah, Your Highness, there's one thing I'd like to confirm. It's good to
stop them here, but... it's alright if we defeat them, isn't it?"

At that fearless, confident line, even Prince Leonhardt blinked.
Immediately after, he burst out laughing, and muffled laughter echoed
for a while.

"Yes, it would be easier afterwards if you did just that!"

"Understood, Your Highness! We shall demonstrate our achievements to the
fullest!!"

Exchanging smiles and nodding to each other, the Prince turned his horse
towards the royal castle, and the knights, along with Letty and Ellie,
galloped after him. The remaining knights stood at attention and watched
them depart.

\*\*\*

After the Prince and his party had gone, Georg and the remaining knights
hurriedly began constructing barricades. Everyone seemed accustomed to
such work, their movements surprisingly efficient. By the time the
scouts reported the First Knight Order's approach, something that could
be called a makeshift stronghold had been completed.

"Oh, they even brought crossbows for us... How many are there in total?
What, 100? To gather that many, that rascal really went all out."

They quickly divided the unit into three more parts. A close-quarters
combat unit to maintain the barricade at the front of the bridge. On
either side, 50 men with crossbows were deployed.

Georg took command of the front, while two battalion-level officers
commanded the left and right flanks. After these positions were set,
they finally spotted the First Knight Order approaching within visible
range.

"Alright, the stage is set, just you watch... Hey, you bastards! This is
it, are you ready?!"

"Of course we are, Commander! Aren't *you* scared?!"

"You little punks! You dare?!"

They exchanged jests and laughed with each other.

There wasn't anyone who wasn't afraid.

Everyone harbored the fear of death, yet they laughed while holding it
in, standing unwavering with their feet planted. In times like this, the
only thing Georg, as their commander, could do was to give their spirits
another boost.

"By the way, you lot. What do you think of our Prince?"

"Ah, he's quite something. Might be even better than the previous one."

"Right? He's still young, but he handled most of this operation's
planning himself, too. That's impressive. And even though he's so
capable, he was worried about sending us to our deaths until just now.
He worried, he reasoned, he found his resolve alone, and he made up his
mind. He chose to correct this country's future, even if it meant
sacrificing us."

He spoke with a smile, in a serious tone, with careful emphasis on his
choice of words. Once he finished, he looked at everyone's faces.

Every single one of them, though smiling, had a serious gleam in their
eyes.

"You bastards! His Highness has decided to bear this burden! He'll
surely bear the burden of our wives and children too! In that case,
there's only one thing for us to do!! Let's make a spectacular show of
it!! Don't chicken out and leave a stain on our names!"

"Never, you bastard!"

"There are no cowards here, you son of a bitch!!"

"Hah, that's a good answer, you bastards!!" He laughed and turned
around. The enemy was finally about to reach the bridge.

"Let's smash 'em!!" *Thud!* He slammed his fist into his palm with a
loud sound.

An intense battle cry, "Ooh!!!" answered his rally.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's too heavy to shake off or to bear.

Yet, if he's the only one who can bear it, then he will.

Because he decided he wouldn't entrust it to those who wouldn't bear it.

Up next: Charging Headfirst into the Future

To bear it, he will grasp it.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_009.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_011.md)

