[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_046.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 71: Days Gone By

And so, tomorrow arrived.

Serge noticed her different expression from yesterday and called out to
her. "Egret-san? You seem... tired, somehow?"

"No, I'm not... don't worry about it." Though that’s what she said,
Letty’s lifeless voice indicated a different truth. With a subtle aura
suggesting she didn't want to be probed, he decided not to pry.

On the other hand…

"Ellie-san, you seem, how should I put it, full of energy?"

"Oh yes, I just wanted to draw, draw, draw! Last night was super
painful!"

Sparkling.

There was no other way to describe her expression, the glow of her skin.

*What on earth happened? ...Could it be?* No, it didn't seem to be that.
Still, there was a markedly different atmosphere from yesterday.

He couldn't help but mull over it in his heart.

\*\*\*

And so, Letty, the model, sat in the chair, and Serge and Ellie
positioned their drawing boards for their respective compositions. Even
at that point, Letty already seemed quite uncomfortable.

"...Ellie-san, wait a moment. That's a bit too much exaggeration. While
that might be good eventually, for now, be more faithful."

"Huh?! S-sorry, I just got carried away and so much burst out!"

...Letty didn't want to see it. She shouldn't see it.

But she also kind of wanted to.

Such conflicting emotions made her squirm internally.

"Well, I do think this kind of thing has its place, though... It really
conveys Ellie-san's passion."

"It does?! Thank you! I put all my feelings into it!"

Unbeknownst to her, Letty's face flushed at their conversation.

She was being watched.

The freshly drawn love letter was being looked at.

It was unbearably embarrassing.

But since only Letty and Ellie knew its meaning, she couldn't stop
Serge.

*Maybe I’ll just die of embarrassment.*

She even thought such a thing.

And yet, Serge continued to speak purely in technical terms. Ellie
seemed to be responding to him, yet simultaneously acting with
deliberate intent. Letty could only listen to their conversation without
stopping them.

\*\*\*

And so, the days passed with Letty serving as a model, feeling utterly
out of place. During this time, Ellie drew feverishly, and Serge
continued to sketch.

"Alright… I think I've finally grasped Egret-san. I'll start painting
seriously tomorrow." Serge declared this.

In the meantime, the number of "treasures" Ellie had drawn had grown
immensely.

"Finally, huh... Even for Master, it takes that long. But, yes,
somehow... the texture and things like that seem to be even more
expressed."

Ellie compared the many sketches Serge had produced. From the beginning,
they had been wonderful works. But as the number of pieces grew, they
became even more, and more... true to life.

"I'm not a god, so I can't do it instantly. I have to grasp the
subject's texture by drawing many sketches from various angles. ...If
possible, not just the outside, but the inside as well. With metal and
wood, even two of the same square block is clearly different, right? I
think it's about how much of that you can express."

Saying that, Serge quickly drew two rectangular prisms without looking
at anything. ...One was clearly cold, hard metal, and the other was warm
and wooden. After seeing this, Ellie was silent for a while.

"Master, can I have this one too?"

"Eh, yes... I don't mind, but..."

It was both Ellie operating as usual and Ellie getting further out of
hand.

\*\*\*

And so, finally.

"Well then, today we'll begin the draft for the main piece. I think I'll
be making more demands on Egret-san as a model than usual. ...Though,
she usually handles them just fine."

Since that day, though she hadn't gotten used to it, she had managed to
reshape her expression. She controlled her facial expressions just as
she controlled her body; there was no way she couldn't. ...At least,
that was the idea. She might have been a bit stiff at first, though.

"Mm, understood…” She nodded. “I'll be more careful than usual to hold
the pose." Seeing Serge more serious than usual made her feel resolute
as well.

She had felt his intensity many times before, but today was particularly
different. It seemed that up until now it had truly been just practice,
and now was the real deal. Exposed to his gaze, she couldn't let her
guard down.

"I'll be watching, Master!"

Ellie, who normally just drew frantically, seemed to sense the
atmosphere and shifted into observation mode. She felt a premonition
that she couldn't miss a single moment.

"...I do get nervous being watched so closely... but yes, it'll probably
be good for you to observe. Alright, here I go."

He propped the canvas, already primed, onto the easel.

Taking that as a signal, Letty took a deep breath. As requested, she
placed the chair diagonally facing the window, straightened her back,
and sat down. She turned her face slightly further to the right... so
Serge could see her profile. Her fingers were loosely clasped in front
of her abdomen, appearing natural yet dignified. And her gaze was
directed far, far into the distance.

He stared intently for a while. Then, with a thick brush, Serge began
the underpainting. Imagining the finished piece, imagining its shadows,
so that they could be gently supported. Nothing was visible there yet.

"So this is underpainting... what's its purpose?"

In a little while, the initial coating would become invisible. So, Ellie
tried to commit even this to memory.

When it was finished, the charcoal sketching began. A lighter touch than
usual, a rougher capture of form. Yet, depth and texture were already
beginning to be expressed. The cluttered space, the soft light streaming
in, the sparkling gaze within it.

Then, more layers of thickness were added. The rough drawing deepened
the shadows even further. By doing so, the form emerged even more
clearly. Ellie couldn't help but realize that something was beginning to
breathe within the world on the canvas.

"...Whew. Let’s call it a day."

Until Serge said that, neither of them could utter a sound or move a
muscle.

"Huh?! Ah, M-Master, good work! That’s all I can think of… Sorry, it was
amazing..."

"I agree... Not a killing intent, but... such an intense concentration,
right..."

Both of them could only offer such fragmented impressions. Serge, for
his part, seemed rather pleased with their reactions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

He was a man who could only live this way.

She was a woman who couldn't support such a way of life.

Still, they never hated each other. Never.

Up Next: Already Nostalgic Memories

It is as sorrowfully poignant as it is sweet.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_046.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

