[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_051.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_053.md)



## Chapter 76: A Beloved Night's Conversation

Leaving Serge's studio as usual, the two were devoid of their customary
chatter. A lingering sense of excitement, like the afterglow of a
festival, mixed with an almost empty weariness, enveloped them both.

It was dusk. The end of day and the beginning of night blended together,
painting the world in a dim red. They walked through the indistinct
twilight, their steps more unsteady than usual.

The scene they had just witnessed was unforgettable. Exposed to that
passion, words failed them. Each knew that the other felt the same, so
they weren't surprised by their shared silence.

The day ended. The sun vanished behind the mountain ridge, leaving
behind vestiges of red as indigo claimed the sky. That too deepened
gradually, stars appeared, and eventually, night's darkness settled.

"...Hey, Ellie." Looking up at the sky, Letty spoke.

"Yes, Letty-san." Ellie responded in a somewhat hazy tone.

"...I thought this before, but... today, I especially feel it... the
world has so many colors, doesn't it?"

Blue, red, yellow, green, even black. The colors she saw were more vivid
and intense than she could have ever imagined, so much so that at times
they made her feel dizzy, resonating deeply within her heart.

But today.

"But even among those... Today was especially striking... Why does
Serge's painting feel so... intense?"

Ultimately, it was just paint. And the materials he used were not beyond
the reach of common folk. Although he did gather some materials and make
his own paints, naturally not everything was self-made.

...Yet, the world he created was exceptionally vibrant.

"...I don't know. I don't know, but... I also feel like I shouldn't
leave it at that. As his apprentice... I feel like I have to grasp
something."

Having just started, she knew she couldn't possibly grasp his art, which
was on such a lofty level. Still, she yearned to grasp it, even through
struggle. No, she felt she *had* to struggle. Because she believed there
was meaning in doing so.

"Thinking about it again... we've really gotten ourselves involved in
something incredible..."

Letty truly felt that way. Just one man painting. It should have been
just that, yet they were caught in an intensity that rivaled the fever
of war. It held an unfamiliar fear, and yet, precisely because of that,
it captivated her. In short, she couldn't escape, and she no longer
wanted to.

"...That's right, isn't it..."

Ellie responded absentmindedly, then fell silent. Various unformed words
circulated in her mind, appearing and disappearing. And then, what she
uttered was:

"Letty-san, I'm sorry."

"Huh...? Saying things out of nowhere like that?"

Letty blinked, startled by the abrupt apology. She hadn't done anything
to be apologized for. As she looked at Ellie with suspicion, Ellie
continued.

"I, um, dragged you on this journey because of my selfishness, and then
I kept us here for so long because of my selfishness... It feels like
I'm just stringing you along..."

Letty gazed at the downcast Ellie for a moment. A small chuckle escaped
her.

"Eh?" Ellie looked up as she felt a hand gently stroking her head.

"Don't worry... I'm... probably enjoying the current situation. I
consider what I'm experiencing now to be very important."

She gazed into Ellie's eyes, smiling. Slowly, slowly, as if soothing, as
if cherishing, she ran her fingers through Ellie's hair.

"Most of all, you know... it's not about 'having to do this,' but... I
think I’m happy that Ellie found something she wants to do. Honestly...
watching Ellie so absorbed in painting is fun in its own way. I even
think it's cute."

Ellie, drawing with sparkling eyes.

Ellie, amazed and awestruck by Serge's paintings.

The way she shines.

So dazzling and delightful.

So, Letty would do everything she could.

That is what she believed.

"Ellie, I want you to do what you want to do... Then, maybe, I feel like
I might see something too."

It was just a vague premonition. Could she become a different version of
herself than she had been? She didn't know what kind of self that would
be, but—

"So... don't apologize. Do as you want to do, okay?"

It was both a wish and perhaps a prayer. For this bright girl, created
as a weapon, yet so un-weapon-like. If she had found something, Letty
wanted nothing more than for it to be fulfilled. That's what she wished
and prayed for.

Ellie, who received that wish up close and head-on, blushed more deeply
than ever. Not knowing how to process her emotions, tears welled up in
her eyes.

"Is it really okay...? Is it really okay if I do what I want to do?"

"Well don’t get too ahead of yourself, but... probably, mostly, yes."

As Letty responded with a smile, Ellie's tear-filled face crumpled.

She squeezed Letty's hand.

"Then, hold my hand and take me to the inn... Because of Letty-san, I
can't see properly in front of me."

"Ah, that can't be helped, can it... I'll take responsibility and lead
you."

Letty squeezed back.

A hand that was warm and trembling. Proof of her emotions.

Letty couldn't help but smile again.

"Also, also... please sleep with me tonight... Somehow, I just want to
stay close to Letty-san..."

"Uh, that... er, yes, I don't mind, but..."

...That, indeed, was a little embarrassing.

A little? Probably just a little.

But if she wanted it…

*It might just be okay.*

"You said it, you promised, promised!"

"Yes, I promised, so..."

Letty replied while Ellie smiled through her tears. She believed that if
something like this could cheer her up, then it was probably fine.

With such thoughts, holding hands, smiling, the two walked on into the
night.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Time flows, and some things are lost.

That day, which can never be regained.

Youthful indiscretions that can't be undone.

Up Next: Under the Scrutiny of Time

What can only be seen now, looking back.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_051.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_053.md)

