[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_065.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 90: How to Tame Emotion

"Wh-why is Master's painting at the royal castle?"

"I don't know, but... if it's not simply being sold to a noble... Wait,
there's no point thinking about it. Let's go to the royal castle. We
need to go and ask His Majesty or someone we know to secure the painting
first."

"That's right, that's what we need to do first. We're not too late."

They had their feelings about Mardani.

A mountain of feelings.

In fact, beyond words.

But those personal emotions could wait. Right now, it was about that
painting. The painting he had staked his life on.

The two of them dashed off, as if in a race.

\*\*\*

Letty and Ellie were guided to a smaller room in a slightly secluded
part of the royal castle. Leonhardt entered subsequently, smiling
amiably.

"Aren't you two working this king a little too hard?" Since he had made
time for them so quickly, it seemed he didn't mean that sincerely.

"Our apologies for intruding on your busy schedule, Your Majesty."

"Sorry, this might be a matter that Georg can't be relied upon for."

As the two stood up and greeted him, Georg, who had come as their
escort, replied with a wry smile, "Wow, that's quite a harsh thing to
say."

…Though he did have to admit that he often couldn't be of much help with
troublesome matters.

Enjoying their exchange, Leonhardt sat on the sofa in front of them and
motioned for them to sit as well.

"So, a matter Georg can't be relied on for, you say. ...Might it involve
a *painting*?"

"Yes?"

"Wait, how do you know? ...Did you, by any chance, see it?"

Ellie's eyes widened and froze, while Letty raised her eyebrows in
surprise. The answer to her question, which came after a beat, was a
nod.

"Yes, as a matter of fact, I saw it yesterday. I was surprised, Egret,
because it was you who was painted."

"Where, where is that painting!?"

"It should be in the royal castle's vault right now, but... it seems
there's a story behind it after all."

The two explained the whole situation to Leonhardt, who seemed to have
been harboring his own suspicions. As he listened, Georg's face twisted
into a grimace, and Leonhardt's smile deepened. A chill ran down their
spines for some reason.

"I see... I thought something was strange. After all, I recognized Egret
at a glance, but it was submitted as the work of a count's son, who
seemed to have no connection to you. But if that's the case, it makes
sense."

"Submitted… so you mean..."

"Yes, precisely, as an entry for the competition I'm sponsoring. They
seem to really have a knack for pulling off ridiculous stunts."

With Leonhardt's chillingly cold follow-up, the two involuntarily stood
up with a start. It was a look they had never seen before.

"What is that?! Not only did he steal Master's painting, but he entered
it in a competition?!"

"That's ridiculous... What is that?! That painting, that painting is not
something that should be used for such a thing!"

Shaking with anger, the two forgot they were in the presence of the king
and became incensed. The escort knights involuntarily tensed, but since
Leonhardt didn't reprimand them, they couldn't move. Noticing this,
Georg motioned with his eyes to stand down, so they reluctantly relaxed
their stances.

"Unforgivable... I can't forgive this! Who is this count's son, tell
me!"

"Your anger is understandable. I, too, will deal with this matter
strictly. So, can you wait until then?"

Leonhardt met Ellie's gaze with a stern expression while she was leaning
forward as if to grab him. But that didn't satisfy them, and the two
didn't back down.

"I'm sorry, but this is something we can't wait for. We'll handle this
our own way." Letty spoke, not bothering to hide her anger. She was
about to get up, when—

"Hold on a moment." Georg, who had moved to her side unnoticed, lightly
struck the back of her neck with his hand. Though it didn’t hurt, she
flinched and froze.

"...Look. The usual you would have dodged or blocked that. Or even
twisted my hand away." He chuckled, even demonstrating the motion.

Seeing that Letty and Ellie's gazes had settled on him, Georg continued,
"But right now, you couldn't even react. The blood’s rushed to your
heads, and you're not calm. If you two, in this state, go off and do
whatever you want, do you really think it’ll turn out well?"

The two couldn't answer. Having had it demonstrated to their faces just
how tunnel visioned they had become, there was no way they could argue
back. Seeing them completely deflated, Georg's tone softened a little.

"I'm not saying don't be angry. Sometimes, that can be a source of
strength. But letting your temper get the better of you will cloud your
judgement. So, first, take a deep breath. Deep enough to reach the back
of your head."

Prompted by Georg, they inhaled. They felt their heads cool down a
little.

"Can you feel that hot thing in your head? Now, as you exhale, bring it
down to the pit of your stomach. It won't come down right away, so
you'll have to repeat it over and over."

They repeated breathing as instructed.

They felt the sensation of the heat that had dominated their core slowly
traveling through their bodies and settling in their lower abdomen.
Repeating this over and over, the thin film that had covered their minds
gradually peeled away.

"Good, you two are calming down. ...You seem to have a hard time dealing
with anger. It wouldn't hurt to learn this method, you know?"

They stared intently at Georg, who was grinning as he said that.

"Georg, you're acting like a senior for once."

"The ‘for once’ was unnecessary, Your Majesty!"

Watching their usual master-servant comedy routine, the two couldn't
help but exchange glances. They felt that their faces, which had been a
bit tense lately, had returned to normal.

"...I think I might have respected Georg for the first time."

"Me too."

"I can hear you, you two."

He laughed it off.

\*\*\*

"Now that you two have calmed down, let's get back to the topic. The
problem here is that the painting has already been accepted as the work
of the count's son. So, officially, it's his work. If something were to
happen to him now, he would leave his name behind as a tragic genius.
After all, that painting is outstanding. It will probably win the grand
prize without a doubt."

"...We understand that being rash would have been a bad idea."

As Leonhardt's explanation finally started to sink in, both Ellie and
Letty were filled with deference. If they had done what they intended to
do in this situation... imagining it made their faces turn grim.

"Also, stealing it is out of the question. Even if you were to claim it
belonged to Serge-dono afterward, no one would accept it."

"It's so unreasonable, but I understand the logic behind it..."

Letty expression soured, and Leonhardt couldn't help but chuckle. It was
refreshing to see her make such a face. Still, he couldn't just be
amused. He fixed his expression and cleared his throat.

"So, first, we need to prove that the painting is not the count's son's
work. Of course, I believe your testimony, but other nobles probably
won't. So, we need to present some form of evidence."

"How on earth would we do that?"

As someone who tended not to leave evidence behind, Letty wasn't quite
sure what would be effective. In response to her, Leonhardt smiled.

"Well, there is one way. Since you're here, you two might as well learn
it. That there are ways of dealing with things like this."

It was a chillingly cheerful smile.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A blinding light. Words of praise. Thundering applause.

The day you bathe in them is the best day of your life.

But there are times when it turns into a blade.

Up Next: Noble Etiquette

You don't need a knife to dispose of a painter.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_065.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

