[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_070.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_072.md)



## Chapter 95: Eternal Homework

"Dad was so amazing... So this is his painting."

Theo spoke with genuine admiration. At the town hall of Quartz, many
people had gathered to see the grand prize-winning work displayed to the
public. And it was—

"Ah\\... So this is the kind of painting Serge made, huh."

"If I had known this, I would have given him a little something extra."

...A painting made by a familiar face who had lived in this very town
until recently. It was bound to attract people's interest.

Most were there out of curiosity. Amidst them, those who knew him voiced
their regret, with a hint of guilt for not having tried to get to know
him better.

Regardless, people were interested and saw the painting with their own
eyes. They were talking to each other, giving their thoughts on it.

Letty and Ellie watched this scene from a distance.

"Egret-chan, Ellie-chan. Thank you, really. To have his painting shown
like this... I guess this is what it means to be overwhelmed with
emotion."

Matilda spoke softly. Letty and Ellie, standing beside her, looked at
each other for a moment.

"No, we did it because we wanted to. So you don't need to thank us."

"That's right. It's just as it should be."

They replied with smiles. Matilda, perhaps having known they would
respond that way, returned a wry smile.

...They both accepted that there was a touch of sadness in their smiles.

"Even so, to see his painting... his painting, seen by everyone. And
Theo gets to see it, too. I think this is a happy thing. ...I wish I
could have shown him..."

Her voice trembled slightly. She knew it was a hopeless sentiment, but
she couldn't help but wish he could see it from somewhere far away.

"That's true... Master's painting is finally getting the recognition it
deserves..."

"I hope he can feel it..."

Since there was no way to know for sure, all they could do was wish for
it. They prayed that it was so.

"Well, for me... as long as Theo understands, that's all that matters."

The smile she gave was that of a mother. Its softness captured their
attention for a moment.

"...Do you want Theo to become a painter?"

"Oh, I don't think so. Unless Theo says he wants to himself. After all,
I know very well that it's hard to make a living unless you're
exceptionally good."

She laughed brightly at Ellie's question. Looking at her strong, gentle
smile, the phrase *"a mother's love is strong"* came to mind.

"Speaking of which, I have to thank you two for something else, too. You
arranged for us to receive Serge's prize money, didn't you?"

"No, it's not exactly something that we needed to arrange. We're not the
ones who should be receiving it, and Serge would have been happier this
way."

The prize money awarded to the grand prize winner. The winner was
deceased and single, with no immediate family. As they were wondering
what to do, Letty and Ellie intervened. The consensus was that the money
should be given to his divorced ex-wife and his son.

"Two large gold coins a month, for 100 months... a little over 8 years,
huh. It's true that getting a lot of money at once would be concerning
because of thieves and such, so I'm grateful. But I also feel like
you've gone out of your way for us a little too much..."

Originally, the prize money was to be awarded all at once. However, if a
commoner were to win, as was the case this time, there was a risk of
trouble due to the unfamiliarity with large sums of money. As a result,
the system was changed.

"It's fine. His Majesty said it was a good opportunity to review a lot
of things."

"...When you so casually talk about the king, it makes me feel a little
intimidated, you know?"

Adventurers who were close to the king. Although it wasn't explicitly
stated, their actions and the rumors around them suggested that such
talk was indeed about them. Yet, they weren't arrogant about it, and she
felt proud of her ex-husband, who had been respected by them as a master
and as a painter.

"Fufu, please just think of our relationship with His Majesty as a
professional one. We'd be happy if you continue to treat us as you
always have."

Ellie smiled, and Letty nodded in agreement. Matilda returned their
smiles.

"Egret-chan, Ellie-chan. Thank you, really."

Her eyes were a little misty.

\*\*\*

After some pleasant conversation, Matilda and Theo went home. The two of
them continued to gaze at the painting. The light of the sun, which was
setting earlier, cast a pale red glow, filling the hall.

Now bathed in red, the piece seemed to give off a different emotion.
They looked at it in silence for a while.

"...It doesn't look unnatural, does it?"

"No, I think it's fine. Of course, Serge might notice something."

Their exchange was hushed. They both knew where Ellie had made her
addition, but it blended in so well that even when they looked for it,
they couldn't easily tell. Or perhaps they wanted to believe that. At
the very least, no one in the crowd had pointed it out.

A sigh of relief.

And then, a moment of silence.

Finally, Ellie spoke slowly.

"That's right... I don't think it was the wrong thing to add. They told
me so, too. But whether it's the right answer... I won't know unless I
can ask Master Serge..."

"That's... impossible, right?"

No matter how much of an ancient weapon or a master of search magic they
were, they couldn't talk to the dead.

"Yes. That's why... I'll continue to paint. Someday, when I feel like
I've caught up to Master, I'll look at this painting again... and then,
I'm sure..."

Then, she would surely find the answer. Though she didn't know when that
would be.

"Hmm... I think that's a good idea. I... want you to do that, too."

*May you find an answer. To your life. To your questions.*

It would be a long back-and-forth, to be sure.

But it would be worth the challenge.

"Yes, leave it to me. I'll do my best!"

*Starting* *here. We’ll move forward. Leaving our trust in what lies
ahead.*

Looking up at the painting once more, Ellie made that wish and that vow.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The meeting progresses, but they are not allowed to dance.

A secret meeting where one wrong step could cost them their heads.

And they scheme in the shadows.

Up Next: What Lurks in the Shadows

The story begins to move from here.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_070.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_072.md)

