[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_006.md)



## Chapter 30: A Drowning Man’s Desperation

A heavy, oppressively heavy silence dominated the room.

Frankly, there was almost nothing they could do in the current
situation.

"...Assassinating Dian isn't out of the question, but..."

"No, even for you, there’s no way... Besides, this is just a guess. It
would only be a last resort if it truly came to that... otherwise, it'd
be like sending you to your death for nothing."

For Thomas, who was unaware of Letty's true abilities, that was
genuinely the very last resort. Moreover, even if the assassination
succeeded, if the First Knight Order fell into disarray, it would amount
to nothing if the vice-commander took control. In fact, it might even
provoke an attack using that as a pretext. Therefore, there had to be
something that could stop or at least curb the expansionist faction—the
main problem.

Ellie, who had been resting her chin on her hand in thought, let slip a
suggestion. "Shall we just contact the Third Knight Order? And ask them
to arrange a meeting with Prince Leonhardt?"

"If only it were that easy... I don't have those kinds of connections,
no way." Thomas responded with a drained voice.

However, Letty, who had looked up when he spoke, glanced at Ellie, then
lowered her gaze in contemplation... before finally settling back on
Thomas again.

"Thomas. What if, hypothetically, we could make that connection?"

"Well, that would be valuable information for Prince Leonhardt, wouldn't
it? They're trying to restart the invasion on their own initiative
without formal orders. If he got hold of that, he could denounce the
expansionists for their greed. At the very least, if the Third Knight
Order is stationed in Ausberg to delay the invasion, then just avoiding
being outmaneuvered would be no small feat."

"Hmm... yes, that's right..." She nodded, agreeing with Thomas's
opinion, which was almost identical to her own.

Letty glanced at Ellie, who looked troubled but... didn't speak up to
stop her. Seeing that expression made Letty feel a sense of discomfort
herself. Nevertheless, she turned back to Thomas.

"Then... let's contact the Third Knight Order. ...It's a gamble, but I
don't see any other options."

"No, that's true, but... how?"

"...I'd like you to leave that to me, if you would..."

"I'm not doubting you, but…” Thomas turned to Ellie with a pleading
expression. “Hey, Ellie-chan, stop her!"

"I'm sorry, Thomas-san. I can't go against what Letty-san says." She
smiled and firmly refused.

Thomas slumped his shoulders and muttered under his breath, “No
choice... There's no other way.” He then squeezed out his request: “I'm
sorry, Egret... Can I ask you this favor?”

In response, Letty nodded readily. "I'm the one who suggested it... I'll
try."

To this, he sagged even more.

"Come on, do you really understand what you’re saying?"

"This is the only way, isn't it? Then we just have to try."

"Yes, but... *sigh*..." Thomas let out a deep sigh and thought for a
while, before hesitantly opening his mouth. "Alright, but really, don't
overdo it, okay? If you think it's impossible, run away immediately."

"Yeah, got it."

She nodded and stood up silently. Ellie followed suit.

"Sorry, Ellie, you'll have to wait here for a while."

"Yes, I suppose I'd only be a hindrance..." With a smile still on her
face, Ellie nodded while clutching her hands in frustration where no one
could see.

With a small, apologetic nod, Letty turned towards the door.

"Well then, Thomas. I'm going."

"Ah, seriously, seriously don't overdo it!"

After once again giving him a small reassurance, the two exited the
room. Thomas, left behind, watched them go, then listlessly collapsed
onto the sofa.

"Ugh... damn it... To think it would come to this... Please, just come
back safe..."

All he could offer was a feeble prayer.

\*\*\*

The town of Ausberg, once part of the Frontier County of Yuris. Like
Azar, the typically bustling town fell silent in the dead of night.

The same was true for the Third Knight Order's garrison. The former
barracks of the Frontier County’s Army, now repurposed, were quiet
except for the patrols taking turns on watch. The same applied to the
room of their commander, Georg von Rheinberd. Though two sentries stood
before his door, he himself was sound asleep. ...Or was supposed to be.

With brown hair cut short and a similarly trimmed beard, his face was
rugged, bearing several scars. He was likely in his late thirties. A
seasoned warrior, he possessed the skill to react instantly and awaken
at the slightest hint of danger, even while asleep. Rather, he should
have possessed it.

…*tap*, *tap*. Feeling the sensation on his shoulder, Georg’s eyes
snapped open and immediately he tried to sit up.

But he was held down, and his mouth was covered by a palm. He felt a
chill in his gut at his inability to react adequately and the skill with
which he was overpowered. His gaze instantly locked onto his assailant.

A woman, peering down at him.

Her lustrous black hair shone in the moonlight, her skin glowing pale.

Her eyes, as she stared, were utterly calm and unfathomably deep.

Her index finger pressed to her lips, likely indicating him to keep
quiet.

He considered calling the sentries, but quickly decided against it. The
woman could have killed him if she had wanted to. He hated to admit it,
but she had gotten this close without him noticing, even going so far as
to tap his shoulder.

At that moment, the window caught his attention. The curtains swayed
gently in the night breeze.

*When did she unlock the window and enter?* He hadn't even noticed.
Apparently convinced he wouldn't make any rash noise, the woman started
to speak.

"...Good evening. ...I have some good information. Interested?"

"...Huh? ...Really now, is this how informants peddle their wares
nowadays?"

As the woman spoke, he forced a smirk. Of course, inwardly, he was
breaking out into a cold sweat, but he began to consider the woman's
identity, her intentions, and the potential information.

"Yes, well... there’s not a lot of time. ...Are you interested in
diverting supplies going to the First Knight Order?"

"Wait, *to* the First Knight Order, not *from*? ...From where?"

"That, you'll have to pay for."

His eyebrows shot up at her audaciousness, and he resisted the urge to
immediately latch onto the hook she dangled. But he didn't move his
body. ...If he tried anything carelessly, he didn't know what the woman
might do. His instincts were on maximum alert.

*Dirt on the First Knight Order’s too valuable to pass up though.* Georg
came to a decision and acquiesced.

"Damn it, no choice... How much?"

"Not money... I want you to connect me to Prince Leonhardt."

"Hey... how much do you know?"

"...Well, how much, indeed...?"

The moment she mentioned the Prince's name, his expression changed. His
eyes suddenly sharpened, but she continued to meet his gaze
unwaveringly. Georg observed her for a while, but after seeing her
remain tight-lipped, he let out a sigh.

"Alright, it seems this isn't the time for haggling. I'll get you in
touch with the Prince... You're lucky, you know?" He shrugged as if
giving up and smiled at Letty. "After all, His Highness is currently
right here in this barracks."

It was a smile that was somehow mischievous and energetic... yet
ferocious.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The hope he desperately clung to—was it a straw, or a trap?

Their various intentions intersect, and a compromise is found.

Up next: Beyond the Clutches

And thus, the stage for placing bets is set.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_004.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_006.md)

