[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_044.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_046.md)



## Chapter 69: Do Black and White Make Grey?

Time flowed. The sunlight streaming through the window was slanting,
taking on a reddish hue. By her side were three completed drawings.

"Let's stop here for today." Serge called out. He himself had finished
over ten sketches.

"Ah, y-yes... Understood." Ellie stopped the hand she had been directing
at the canvas and put down her charcoal. As she exhaled, a wave of
fatigue washed over her.

...She was tired. Physically, it wasn't much. But she now realized that
her various information processing circuits had been screaming.

She had been engrossed.

She had struggled.

And, indeed, it was fun.

That was what she concluded with her sluggish, hazy mind.

"Ellie, good work. ...I'm a little tired too, honestly..." Letty, who
had been sitting still as the model the entire time, began to stretch
her arms and back.

*...How many hours was she sitting like that? She barely moved, can she
really only be “a little” tired’?*

Ellie looked at her master with a slight astonishment. Seeing that she
truly was only "a little" tired, just as she said, Serge also had a
faint look of seeing something otherworldly.

"No, no, Egret-san, you worked hard too. I'm sorry it went on for much
longer than planned."

"...Uh, it's fine. Ellie seemed to be having fun, after all..."

Letty had been stared at intensely. Ellie had been desperately trying to
draw her.

*...But I won’t mention that such an Ellie looked quite cute.*

Ellie herself was staring at her own drawing with a dissatisfied
expression.

"What's wrong, Ellie? Why such a difficult face?"

"Ugh, Letty-san... please look at this. I think I drew it better than
before, but still!"

The drawing she showed was even more improved than the first. It was
undoubtedly well-drawn, enough to be called skillful. ...Though Letty
couldn't help but feel it was slightly idealized.

"I think it's good, but... Putting aside whether I'm really this
beautiful..."

"What are you saying? This isn’t accurate at all. You're much more
beautiful!"

"...I think that's a bit too much favoritism, isn't it?"

Letty took a closer look at the drawing. Her own image, depicted on the
canvas.

She had more expression on her face than she thought she did. A gentle,
soft look. She had no memory of making such an expression when looking
in a mirror.

*...Is it because I was looking at Ellie?*

Suddenly, that thought occurred to her. She convinced herself that it
wasn’t like that typically, but Letty still couldn’t help but blush
slightly.

"Hm? Letty-san, is something wrong?"

"...No, nothing at all... But I really do think it's well done, you
know..."

Serge peered at the drawing. "Yes, I wholeheartedly agree you’ve done a
great job. ...Well, I mostly understand where your dissatisfaction comes
from, but that's something Ellie-san herself will have to overcome from
now on."

Even from his perspective, it was relatively accurate. Of course, there
were still many areas that needed refinement.

Up until now, he had been giving specific advice. But she had reached a
point where he thought she should figure things out for herself. From
then on, he posed questions, making her think of the answers.

Serge hadn't expected her to be able to draw this well in just one day.
Technically, Ellie still had a long way to go, but time would solve
that. More importantly... how to approach drawing, how to think about
it. He felt she had absorbed quite a lot in those aspects.

"Ugh, thank you, I'll do my best... I want to draw Letty-san even more
beautifully!"

Her high motivation was very pleasing. It was very dazzling, and a
little painful. When she spoke with such emotion, it felt like something
was piercing through him.

"...If you draw me any more beautifully, I think I'll die of
embarrassment..."

"No way, you're much, much more beautiful!"

*...Could they be flaunting their affection?* He briefly wondered.

\*\*\*

"Well then, let's meet again tomorrow around the same time as today."

"Mm, understood... Then, see you tomorrow."

"Yes, please take care of me again tomorrow, Master!"

After a while, Ellie recovered. They prepared to leave and then exited
the studio. ...Ellie took most of Serge's sketches home.

To Serge, they were just practice to capture Letty, but to Ellie, they
were treasures. Art is often like that, but it filled him with a renewed
sense of satisfaction.

"Yes, then, see you tomorrow." He spoke with a smile, waving his hand,
and saw them off at the door.

Soon, their figures disappeared, and he closed the door... then crumpled
to his knees. *Cough, hack*, he coughed as if expelling something he had
been holding back.

How long had he been coughing? Exhausted from sketching, and even more
so from the coughing fit, he lay sprawled on the floor. His breathing
was ragged, and he felt suffocated.

He rolled onto his back. *How many times have I looked up at the ceiling
like this?* With each passing attack, the ceiling seemed to grow further
away. He just needed a little more.

He reached out his hand, trying to grasp something. Then he stared at
his outstretched hand for a moment.

*...Ah, yes, still a dirty hand.*

A thought that came to mind, and yet, that wasn’t all.

Today, he had conveyed various things to her.

Surely that alone gave meaning to such a dirtied hand.

She, focused on drawing with single-minded devotion, was dazzling.

He was a little envious, though he too once had such a time.

The painter he revered as his master had also shown him a similar
miracle—a world where light expanded, merely by adding black to a world
of white. He had been captivated by that and pursued this path.

"...It turned out quite differently than I imagined... But, perhaps it's
not so bad after all..." He muttered to himself.

Of course, that was just a way to deceive himself.

His own paintings had become sullied.

Only the surface was polished, while the inside was completely...

That's what he had thought.

But thinking of their reaction to his artwork, maybe it wasn’t so bad
after all.

"...I have to paint. I will paint... I have to, me."

For his apprentice.

And above all, for himself.

With a body and mind still lacking strength, such vague thoughts swirled
around.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The world she touched was alluring, and diving into it was exhilarating.

She was elated by the new sensations, and then disheartened by her
inadequacy.

That was precisely because she desired it.

Up Next: What to Put on The Brush

Surely, it's worth yearning for.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_044.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_046.md)

