[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_033.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 58: A Regrettable Matter

The delicate discussion finally came to a close, and the conversation
shifted back to trivial topics. Just as the Prince was comically
recounting a blunder from Georg’s early days as a knight, with the
escort knights desperately trying to suppress their laughter, Marius
returned.

"Sorry to keep you waiting! ...Your Majesty, everyone seems to be having
quite a…good time?"

"Ah, Marius, welcome back. Well, you see. ...Yes, a shared, pleasant
topic is quite valuable, that's all."

Leonhardt calmly smiled at Marius, who had returned with a hasty,
serious expression. Marius replied with a somewhat vacant "Haah," before
immediately composing himself and presenting what he had brought.

"These are the items that might be relevant. What do you think,
Ellie-dono?"

"Thank you, I'll take a look. ...Hmm... Oh, yes... Oh, I see..."

She picked up each item and pretended to inspect them from various
angles while flowing a small amount of mana into them to check their
functions. She continued this process for a while... and when finished,
she shook her head slightly.

"I'm sorry, thank you for bringing these. Among what you brought, there
was a relevant item, but... unfortunately, it was broken."

"Is that so... Perhaps our storage was poor, I apologize."

She hastily waved her hands at Marius, who was bowing apologetically.
"No, no, please don't worry about it! Normally, no one would even know
what these are for!"

In reality, this was something she had prepared herself for. She was
just a little disappointed, but she didn't show it, keeping her smile.

...She was happy enough when Letty showed concern and gently squeezed
her hand under the table.

A small cough. When she looked over, Leonhardt was smiling amiably.

"I'm sorry we couldn't be of help, you two. If anything new is found,
we'll keep it here for you."

"...Thank you, please do, if that happens."

"Yes, thank you very much."

Ellie felt a bit awkward, wondering if they had been found out. Letty,
however, showed no concern whatsoever. Both of them bowed slightly.

"Well, I think our discussion is mostly finished. What will you two do
now?"

"Hmm... I think we'll stay here for a night and then leave tomorrow."

"Oh? May I ask where it is you're heading next?"

"It's fine, but..."

Letty gave Leonhardt, who was leaning forward slightly, a somewhat
suspicious look. Knowing the shrewdness of this former prince, now king,
she was wary of what he might be up to.

"After this, we plan to head to the royal capital of Cordor."

"Ah, I see. There's a huge ruin there, isn't there?"

"Mm, that's right." Letty inwardly acknowledged his quick understanding
but nodded nonetheless. Seeing him nodding with a *hmm, hmm*, she tilted
her head. "...What's wrong?"

"Oh, you see, a swordsmanship tournament will be held there soon. It
looks like it will be quite a large-scale event, so it might be fun to
go."

“It might be a good stimulus,” he added with a smile. ...His smile was
truly unreadable; she couldn't tell what he was thinking.

"...Well, if the timing is right, we might watch, at least."

"Yes, something like that..."

He was a trustworthy comrade-in-arms, but they both remained wary of his
smile at times like this.

\*\*\*

After that exchange, they continued with more trivial conversation.
Eventually, it was time for Leonhardt to move on to his next
appointment.

"...Your Majesty seemed to be enjoying himself immensely."

He replied with a smile to Marius's question. "Did I? Well… those two
are quite special, if you ask me."

Marius turned a thoughtful face towards Leonhardt and remained silent
for a while. Then, he cautiously opened his mouth.

"...In that case, wouldn't it be wise to keep one, or even both of them,
by your side?"

He spoke with a very serious expression.

Indeed, as the newly crowned king, Leonhardt was trying to reform
various systems, which meant he had many enemies, but also many who
sought to curry favor with him. There was a constant stream of overtures
for him to take a young queen. Therefore, it was only natural to suggest
placing such trustworthy women close to him.

However, though they were words born of loyalty, Leonhardt looked taken
aback by Marius's thoughts. He immediately began to chuckle.

"Those two? Impossible, absolutely impossible for me. Unfortunately, I
don't have the capacity for that, and I certainly couldn't do anything
so terrifying."

He thought this precisely because he knew the two of them so well. He
smiled at Marius, who looked disappointed.

"I admit they are attractive women. But you, too, understand that to be
a queen or a concubine, attractiveness alone isn't enough, don't you?"

To be a king's consort, one needed various political skills, or powerful
backing. While those two certainly possessed extraordinary abilities,
they were, after all, individual abilities.

*...Well, someone like Letty might be able to achieve various things
without leaving any evidence behind.*

"I... want to be friends with those two, or business partners. I believe
that would be most beneficial for this country."

These were his honest thoughts as someone who had seen their true
capabilities up close. Their abilities were too outstanding to be
confined within the framework of a nation.

Therefore, maintaining a good relationship was likely for the best for
both parties, and especially so for Valandia.

Hearing that, Marius looked as if he wanted to say something... but in
the end, he said nothing and simply nodded silently.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A brief reunion, a brief respite.

And then they set off on their journey again.

To obtain what needs to be obtained.

Next time: Quartz, the Lake City

And sometimes, there are strange encounters too.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_033.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

