[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_019.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_021.md)



## Chapter 45: A Hand, Reaching Yet Unreachable

TN: If this is the first chapter of Assassin Girl/Mana Doll that you're reading from this repo, I wanted to mention that I started at chapter 26, picking up where femme fables left off, however novelupdates kept rejecting my new chapter even after filling in a bug report form thing... so, here's chapter 45. Anyway, I'd recommended going back and reading the femme fable tl + mine starting at 26 (no bias).

Also, my chapters stockpile is feeble and trembling and I've been busy lately so for a while releases will be a bit sporadic... sorry. Doing all these at once cut into quite a bit and I didn't really want to just keep sitting on them and fighting NU

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Without avoiding the spurting fresh blood, but rather embracing it,
Letty grabbed the creature's neck with her left hand and dragged the
aberration to the floor.

She twisted the tip of her dagger into the crushed wound before slicing
through its throat.

Then, she thrust the dagger into its rapidly opening and closing mouth,
pushed it in... and pierced all the way through to its brain.

*Twitch!* *Twitch!!* It convulsed several times. She did it without even
thinking; her body moved on its own. Finally, confirming that the
aberration had completely stopped moving, Letty took just a moment to
exhale.

Immediately, she sprang up.

"Ellie!! Ellie!!"

Her mind was filled with the image of the girl who adored her as her
Master. She was keenly aware that if Ellie hadn't put her body on the
line, it would have been her who lay defeated.

Letty tried to rush forward immediately, but... her body wavered. She
had pushed beyond her limits to keep up with the inhuman movements of an
inhuman opponent.

She realized, now, that she had long since surpassed what her body could
handle.

Still, she held her ground, slapping her knees, commanding her legs to
move, and, though stumbling, began to run. *Tried* to run.

All her remaining strength had drained away.

"Move! Move, damn it!!"

She pounded her legs repeatedly, tears in her eyes, but they wouldn't
obey. As she swayed, on the brink of collapse, someone firmly held her.

The Prince, supporting Letty, desperately searched for words of comfort,
"Egret, calm down!! Ellie is... She’s..." But no such convenient words
could be found.

Understanding that the anxiety she had felt was now a reality... her
eyes widened in despair.

*No, no, no.*

It was all that filled her mind, and she shook her head again and again
like a spoiled child.

*Is sitting here really all I can do?*

...No, that wasn't right. There was still something she could do.

"Your Highness, please. What you see here, keep it an absolute secret!"

"A-Ah, yes, if you say so, of course. But what—"

"Thank you. I'm sorry, please be quiet for a moment."

The Prince, too, was disturbed by Letty's incoherent state, utterly
devoid of her usual composure. He could only watch as she began to
mutter an incantation.

\*\*\*

After finishing the incantation—

What appeared on Letty’s face was a look of utter despair.

"No... why, why... is it the magic's fault...?"

They had been together for so long; there was no way she couldn't detect
her. With full confidence she had used her detection magic, yet she
couldn't confirm Ellie’s presence.

The vicinity of the mana reactor, where Ellie should’ve been, was
saturated with mana so dense... the energy was disturbed and flying
about so wildly that she could pick up nothing but interference.

If only she knew the location, she could jump there. She knelt
dejectedly, looking up at the ceiling.

*Is this…it?*

*No.*

*No.*

*NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!!!!!*

"Uwaaaaaaaah!! Ellie!!!"

A pained scream echoed.

\*\*\*

—In the place that was once the *Garden of the Thunder Emperor*.

*...How much time has passed?* Her head throbbed, her eyes blurred. Her
aching body couldn't move a single finger.

Ellie, caught in the runaway explosion of the mana reactor, was
miraculously still alive.

Somewhat.

For better or worse, she had endured the direct hit. She had been blown
to a corner of the room, and the effects of the energy still leaking
from the reactor were minimal. Minimal, that is, considering the
situation.

"...I wonder which is better, really... The automatic repair function...
is still, operational, but..."

Inside Ellie's body was a function that automatically repaired a certain
degree of damage, and it was still active. However, the damage caused by
the mana corroding her body slowly spread like a burn, eating away at
her. The rate of damage was faster than the rate of repair.

In other words... she was slowly being cornered, like being strangled by
a thread.

She could probably recover if she managed to get outside, but she could
no longer move. Naturally, if a human tried to help, they would be
burned by the mana, causing additional disaster. She couldn't expect
help, and she didn't expect it.

"Is this... the end, then...? Well... it's the bare minimum, I
suppose..."

Her vision was almost entirely gone, but with her eyes she looked
towards where the mana reactor had been… She could barely, somehow, make
out its remains.

"I'm sorry, *Wiskeraf*... but... we don’t belong in this era..."

During this journey, she had briefly glimpsed the modern world. In a
different form than before, yet everyone was still clinging to life just
as desperately, if not more so.

Within that, they themselves were... clearly anomalies, and their power
was too great. Ellie believed it inevitable that they would end up
buried in history.

So brave, so endearing, was Their existence. They, who unreasonably
harmed that existence, were likely useless relics now.

Such was her honest and pure acceptance, and yet… There was still a part
of her that couldn't accept it.

"I'm sorry, Letty-san... ...I really, want to see you again..."

Her Master, whom she encountered by chance in this era. Perhaps because
she was used to being treated as less than human, she felt an attachment
for this rare person who had cared for her, a mere tool.

Perhaps it was pity for a kindred spirit. Maybe that was what it was, at
least at first.

Yet, the time they spent together, what they accomplished together, how
they had come this far together. It was a short time, but the feelings
and bonds they built were absolute and unmistakable.

...Precisely because she was certain of this, it was so, so regrettable
to lose it.

If only to be by her side forever.

She had thought so, but—

"But, it can't be helped, can it...? To protect Letty-san... there was
no other way..." Her voice had become tearful without her realizing.

She didn't know why a weapon like herself was built with such a
function. Yet now it was gratefully received. And at the same time,
unwanted.

If she were merely a weapon. If she had no such emotions. She could have
departed peacefully.

...No, surely.

This feeling, it was that important.

So important that she regretted losing it.

"I don't want to... I want to see you... Letty-san... Letty-san..." She
sobbed and appealed to no one in particular. And there was no one to
hear her voice.

A deep, heavy sound that resonated in her gut. The mana reactor seemed
to have begun its final runaway. In tandem, the room's ceiling began to
collapse.

"...Is this the end, then...? I don't want to... I don't want to... I
want to see you, I want to see you..." She repeated as if in delirium.

What floated in her mind was that precious, precious person.

*Letty-san.*

As she was swallowed by the explosively expanding light.

It was solely that name that occupied Ellie’s final thoughts.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

...Something slipped through her fingertips.

And.

Up next: Ephemeral Touch

And then, after that.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_019.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_021.md)

