[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_024.md)



## Chapter 48: Necessary Cleanup

"I can’t say the two of you survived unscathed, but... it's good that
you're alive. Truly, this incident could only be resolved thanks to the
both of you. I thank you from the bottom of my heart."

It was the day after the coup d'état that shook the royal capital.
Things had somewhat settled after the immediate chaos had been minimally
dealt with. Leonhardt, seated on the throne, addressed the two in the
throne room of the royal castle.

The two were kneeling, a posture of respect for an audience. Their
expressions, however, were their usual ones, far from deferential.

The two, once found, had been hastily brought back to the royal castle
and taken to the court physician. Intensive treatment was administered
to them as they were suffering from severe mana poisoning due to intense
exposure to dense amounts of energy. Beyond mere sickness. Somehow,
though, they were now able to walk and sit.

"…No, not at all, it is too great an honor," Letty replied with a
respectful posture and deferential words. Ellie, positioned diagonally
behind her to her left, simply bowed her head in silence.

"...Hmm, that's really transparent, isn't it? Let's stop," Leonhardt
said with a wry smile, waving his hand. Following his signal, everyone
but the bare minimum staff disbanded.

"Nevertheless, my gratitude to you two is genuine. It was chaotic at
first, but... I truly believe meeting you was a great stroke of luck."

If not for Ellie, he would have unknowingly embarked on a reckless
battle. If not for Letty, they would have been cut down long ago.

His gratitude towards the two felt endlessly insufficient.

"But, I apologize. I cannot officially acknowledge your achievements...
This matter has too many confidential aspects. Especially you, Egret."

Ultimately, it was the Prince who defeated the Queen. To maintain that
formality, their contributions had to be omitted. Especially the fact
that Letty had slain the Queen in a duel.

And another thing—it was imperative that she not be identified as a
*Reaper*.

"Yes, that's perfectly fine, of course. ...Besides, it would be
troublesome for us to stand out too much anyway..."

Their easy agreement only deepened his sense of apology. If only they
were a little more greedy, it would be a mutually beneficial situation.

"Your contributions this time were truly immense. Therefore, since I
cannot officially reward you, I will make sure your compensation is
substantial.”

Inside a leather pouch brought forward by his subordinate were 200
mithril silver coins.

“Also, if there's anything we can do for you, please don't hesitate to
ask." Still feeling it wasn't enough, he added that last part, and Letty
nodded.

"Then, there's something I'd like to ask..."

"Ah, anything. ...Though, of course, nothing completely impossible."

To be honest, he hadn't expected her to request anything. She seemed so
selfless. But being proven wrong made him rather pleased. He wanted to
achieve a more equal relationship, even if it was still far from it.

Her request was both very surprising and completely understandable.

*Indeed, it’s just like her.* Thinking this, Leonhardt narrowed his eyes
as he gazed upon Letty.

\*\*\*

A few days later, in the domain of Count Azar.

Count Azar, the lord, was out for a ride and in high spirits. The
pressure from the neighboring First Knight Order, which had plagued him
for months, was gone. He didn't know what had happened, but it was
certainly desirable. No doubt this was thanks to his usual good conduct.

*If my subjects heard me, they would surely all rush at me with clubs in
hand*, he muttered to himself.

The weather was clear, and the summer air in the forest, moderately
shaded from the sun, felt invigorating.

*Ah, everything is going so smoothly!*

He was thinking such theatrical thoughts.

A gentle breeze swirled. He felt the touch of the cool wind. Without a
sound, something landed behind him.

As he thought *Oh?*, a white hand covered his mouth. The strength wasn't
immense, yet there was something about it that he couldn't resist.

Immediately after, no, almost simultaneously—

*Sliiiiip.*

Something cold effortlessly entered the back of his head.

*Twitch!!* His body arched, then immediately went limp.

He was pulled forward and swung around. A moment of weightlessness. He
had no time to understand that he had just been thrown. His
consciousness, his semicircular canals, were in disarray.

*Falling.*

That much was certain.

*What, what, what.*

In his confusion—

His head slammed against a large, somewhat pointed stone lying on the
ground.

*Squelch.*

Immediately after he thought he heard such a sound, his consciousness
was forever plunged into darkness.

\*\*\*

—Jurastin Kingdom, Duke Tanderam's Domain

"Master, I have a letter from the *Old Man*."

"Thank you for your hard work. Let's see."

After several knocks, a maid with neatly cut brown hair entered and
handed a letter to Duke Tanderam, who casually accepted it. He broke the
seal, read its contents... nodded several times, *hmm-hmm*.

Folding it back up, he placed it in an ashtray. He held his finger over
it for a moment before the letter slowly began to burn.

"As always, that *Old Man* has sharp ears. I heard your *organization*
disbanded... yet here we are. I wonder how many connections he has."

"I wouldn't know, sir. That grandpa... I mean, *Old Man* was
well-informed even before I met him," Rita replied to the Duke with a
wry smile, now perfectly at ease in her maid's uniform.

Hired by the Duke, she had been chosen as the Duke's daughter's
attendant. While keeping busy with her duties, she would occasionally
visit Old Bob to gather information for the Duke.

The information she brought today was one such piece.

"Even so, this is too fast. This information was apparently sent by his
*granddaughter*. Do you know anything about it?"

Granddaughter.

Hearing that, she blinked, then burst out laughing.

"Granddaughter, granddaughter, you say! Ah, if that child brought the
information, it's definitely correct. She's the least likely person in
the world to betray anyone, or anything like that."

"Oh? For you to say that, how interesting. What kind of child is she?"

Though seeming like idle chatter, that would be a naive observation. The
Duke's eyes, never neglecting to recruit talent, held an unfathomable
light.

"Well... she's a diligent child. And ruthless, merciless, and never lets
her guard down. Yet, somehow, she's truly lovable."

She figured the *granddaughter* the old man was talking about was Her.
It hadn't even been a month since they parted, yet she felt a surprising
sense of nostalgia.

*...Then, does that make me his* daughter*, or also a* granddaughter*?*
She intended to ask him next time.

The Duke observed Rita with interest as she wore a joyful smile.

\*\*\*

A few days later—

At an emergency convened meeting, it was announced that Count Azar had
suffered a riding accident, unfortunately hitting the back of his head
on a stone and dying.

While his young son would inherit the territory, the need for a guardian
was raised. However, due to Duke Tanderam's prior preparations and
recommendation, one was swiftly appointed. It was an exceptionally quick
assignment.

The one sent was Count Yuris. He was the former Frontier Count's
brother, a court noble without territory, but a man of excellent repute
for both character and ability. The Duke's decision to send him proved
remarkably successful.

To restore his brother's honor. And above all, for the welfare of the
Azar domain residents and the former Yuris Frontier County.

His efforts would be remembered for generations to come.

In particular, his success in single-handedly taking over negotiations
with Valandia. By skillfully bringing about a ceasefire agreement and
treaty signing, he gained great renown. It was truly fortunate that
Valandia, amidst its own turmoil, had offered ceasefire negotiations.

...Little did they know that this good fortune was brought about by the
actions and wishes of a single girl.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Daily life. One truly understands its value only when experiencing the
extraordinary.

Only when you calm down, and look around, do some things become visible
for the first time.

Up next: What Was Grasped

And what she will grasp next.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_022.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_024.md)

