[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_032.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 57: A Thorn of Doubt

After the three of them had a good laugh, Leonhardt cleared his throat.
He turned back to Marius with a flawless princely smile.

"Well, in short, this is the kind of relationship we have with them, so
rest assured."

"...Ah, I understand... No, I don't really understand, but..."

The escort knights looked at Marius with pity as he had no choice but to
respond that way.

"Alright then, let's get back to it. I hear you have something you want
to ask us today?"

"...Your Highness... no, Your Majesty, why do you look so happy?"

"Hm? It's obvious, isn't it? It's a chance to do you a favor. I'd sell
you any number of favors."

Letty gave Leonhardt, who was smiling amiably, a suspicious look. He
received it calmly, and even said things that would normally be
difficult to say with perfect composure, showing he still retained his
good-natured personality.

"Hearing that makes me not want to ask anything..."

"Yes, Letty-san, it's fine. No matter what happens to me... even if I
don't get fixed!"

"No, Ellie, I can’t just leave you like this..."

Marius stared in surprise as Letty and Ellie suddenly held hands and
began a little play-act. ...No, Leonhardt was surprised too. In fact, he
was more surprised than Marius.

"...Egret? I knew Ellie did things like that, but you too?"

"Ah... Ellie gets happy when I do this..."

Letty replied with a voice that sounded somewhat unwilling, and a face
tinged with a slight blush, which surprised Leonhardt even more.

"Letty-san, please don't make it sound like it's all my fault\\"

"Eh... but I think it's mostly Ellie's fault..."

He knew they were close, but had it always been this much?

*"Flaunting their affection at every opportunity."*

For some reason, those words crossed Leonhardt's mind. But he was sure
that if he uttered them, they would launch into an even bigger act. With
the little information he had to work with, he found what he needed to
ask them.

"By the way. What do you mean by Ellie being fixed or not fixed?"

"...Oh. Right, that's what we came to ask... Ellie, please."

"Ah, yes, that's right. Actually..."

And so, they stated their original purpose for coming.

They asked if anything resembling a magical tool like a crystal had been
found—something that would only return a specific magical signal in
response to another specific signal—whose use would be difficult to
understand. They described its shape and reaction in a way that would be
particularly easy for Marius, as a mage, to understand.

"Well, is there anything that seems to fit the description?" Leonhardt
then asked Marius, who had been nodding with a *hmm, hmm.*

"Yes, I can't say for sure, but there should be a few matching items."

"Really?! Um, we'd really like to see them!"

Hearing Marius's answer, Ellie eagerly leaned forward and pressed him to
continue. Letty grabbed her arm to restrain her.

"Ellie, calm down... He'll show us. ...Right?"

"...Yes, considering you two right now, there's no option to say no."

Leonhardt swallowed the words "in many ways." It certainly wasn't
outright killing intent, but it was a pressure that made it easy to
imagine what would happen if he made the wrong choice.

...He wondered if his own skin was thicker than he thought, to be able
to brush it off with a smile. He asked Marius, "It's okay, right?"

Marius nodded frantically and silently, as if terrified of something.

\*\*\*

While Marius went to retrieve anything he could think of, Leonhardt
straightened his posture and turned back to the two.

"Now, another topic while we have a moment. It's about the former
chancellor. Did either of you notice anything strange about him?"

At Leonhardt's question, they exchanged glances for a moment. After a
while, Letty spoke.

"...Rather, *everything* about it was strange, right...?"

"When, how, and why he was replaced... there's no end to the questions."

Leonhardt nodded, as if to say, "Exactly."

"Yes, that's right. He was probably replaced when my father died, or
around the time my mother began to lose her mind. How and for what
purpose are completely unknown. It's clear he was trying to misuse the
*Garden of the Thunder Emperor*, but then for what purpose, that's the
thing."

The misuse of the *Garden of the Thunder Emperor* should have been
merely a means to an end. Leonhardt was certain of that.

*But then, why?*

In the end, his mother transformed into an abomination, but was that
part of his plan, or was it an accident? Was the bug Ellie found while
operating *Wiskeraf* something he orchestrated, and what was its
purpose? And fundamentally... for what reason was he, a demon whose
numbers have drastically decreased in modern times, trying to do what he
did?

...It only brought about a bad feeling.

"I'm not asking you to investigate. We're already working on it on our
end. But if you two find anything, could you let us know?"

Leonhardt, once a prince and now the king of a nation, asked this with a
sincere gaze.

They glanced at each other, their eyes meeting, communicating
wordlessly.

He was still himself. It seemed he was going to become king just as he
was. Feeling a sense of relief, they let out small smiles.

"Of course, we'll let you know if we find anything."

"Yes, leave it to us♪"

"Thank you both. With your cooperation, it's like having a hundred men."

He chuckled, adding, "After all, you're a woman worth 200 mithril silver
coins."

Feeling a slight blush at his words, Letty suddenly asked, puzzled,
"...But is that okay? Won't you owe us again?"

"Hm...? Oh, that's right." He clapped his hands, as if just realizing,
and chuckled. "But it's fine if it’s you two. It gives me something to
strive for, to repay you again."

The smile he showed then was appropriate for his age.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Despite all efforts, some things remain out of reach.

Sometimes, it's best not to intervene.

Discerning such moments is often crucial.

Next time: A Regrettable Matter

Be careful not to make a mistake.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_032.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

