[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_000.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_002.md)



## Chapter 27: The Walls Have Ears

"Oh, do you usually have more variety?"

"That's right, dearie. But flour's been so expensive lately... I wish I
could give more to a girl who relishes food as you do."

At a bakery on the main street.

Ellie, who had bought several loaves of bread at the storefront, was
chatting happily with the shop owner.

Once the crying Thomas had calmed down, they re-confirmed and accepted
the request. …Though he was a bit troubled by having a whole bag of
mithril silver coins being shoved into his hands.

In any case, they began gathering information to corroborate his claims
and find further evidence. It was standard practice to gather
information during the day through ordinary small talk, but—

"...Ellie... you’re surprisingly skilled at this, " Letty said with a
slightly suspicious expression

"Oh, really? I think I'm just chatting normally, though?" Ellie replied
with a beaming smile. Despite claiming it was "normal," the information
she gathered through small talk was quite impressive.

Wheat, flour, and their processed products. Grains, of course, but also
long-lasting foodstuffs like potatoes were becoming scarce in the
market. Not only that, but the circulation of alcohol and cloth had also
decreased, and for some reason, despite it being summer, firewood was
being hoarded.

The number of horse-drawn carts from farming villages and other
territories hadn't decreased. Conversely, there were fewer carts heading
out to other territories.

Trade with Valandia had resumed to a small extent. Recently, the number
of merchants coming from Valandia had increased, and most of them were
buying.

Above all, the Count of Azar himself was described as arrogant and
self-preserving. The embodiment of a useless noble; unpopular with the
common people.

"...Were you really just chatting normally...?"

"Yes, truly! I would never lie to Letty-san, would I ♪"

*That's true*, she certainly thought so. However, no one could blame her
if her perception of Ellie changed after witnessing her naturally gather
so much diverse information through seemingly meaningless small talk.
That said, it was also true that they had been able to corroborate the
situation and learn more.

"...I hadn’t considered firewood... but indeed, it'd be necessary for a
large-scale military march..."

"Yes, as long as there are a lot of people, it’ll be needed for cooking
and various other things. This just makes everything all the more
suspicious... The question now is what to do next."

"Mmm... Let's head back to the inn for now. The rest will probably be
after nightfall..."

The amount of information they had managed to gather in one day during
the daytime seemed sufficient. Since they couldn't possibly discuss
breaking in at night in a crowded main street, the two returned to their
inn.

Thomas had suggested they stay at the guild, but they decided to take an
inn, just in case they were being tailed. After a brief discussion
there, they left and headed back out to the main street.

They considered several taverns for a while before deciding on the
largest one. Being evening, it was quite lively with many customers.
They found an empty table for two, ordered something simple from the
busy owner, and then,

"...Ellie, take care of things for a moment."

"Yes, leave it to me."

After a small exchange, Letty leaned back in her chair and gently closed
her eyes. She focused her senses on her ears, and a jumble of voices
flowed in.

*"...This is all there is ‘round here for fun, but the alcohol’s
expensive and shit, and there's barely any."*

*"...The food’s not enough to keep me full."*

*"...My old lady keeps nagging me about not makin’ enough."*

She filtered out these everyday complaints and continued parsing through
voices.

*"...After this, it's back to work."*

*"...The usual western forest, huh?"*

*"...What's the Count even thinking?"*

*"...Don't say anything reckless."*

*"...Make sure nobody sees you."*

She overheard men whispering such things, their voices blending into the
commotion. In fact, before entering the tavern, she had used "Auditory
Enhancement" magic. While Ellie subtly kept watch around them, Letty was
concentrating on her hearing to try and find anything in the
conversations of those whose tongues had been loosened by alcohol.

"...Got one, I think." She spoke as she slowly opened her eyes and
directed her gaze towards the voices her ears had caught. She kept them
in her peripheral vision so as not to be noticed.

A few men were huddled together, talking. When she gave a small nod,
Ellie began speaking to Letty about random topics.

"*Marking*." While pretending to nod along, Letty quietly, subtly,
chanted a spell.

It was to simply affix a magical trace to a target. It had no direct
effect on the target whatsoever, but through tracing, the target could
be subjected to the effects of several other spells. For
example—detection magic.

"...You're really good at that kind of simple magic, aren't you?"

"Well, yes... But it's useful, isn't it?"

"It really is, I'm surprised. Surely it’s because it's Letty-san."

As they spoke, they started eating the food that had been brought to
them. While dipping the slightly bland soup with the dry bread that
seemed to have been baked that morning, the men in question stood up.
They probably hadn't had much to drink, as they walked out with steady
steps.

Letty watched them from the corner of her eye as she finished her meal.
Soon after, by the time she was done eating, the men were nowhere to be
seen.

"Well then, shall we head back to the inn for now?"

"Yes, let's do that."

After finishing their meal and paying, they returned to the inn.

Letty took out a change of clothes from her backpack before changing
into her black "work" attire. Today was meant for information gathering,
so she was relatively lightly equipped. Two daggers on her waist, two
throwing knives on each shoulder.

After checking her gear, she began to cast magic. She activated a
detection spell to "track" the marked targets—allowing her to sense that
they had moved to what appeared to be the western forest.

"...I'm off."

"Please take care and come back safely."

She waved lightly to Ellie, who smiled as she saw her off. The next
moment, Letty's figure distorted as she vanished on the spot.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Those with something to hide avoid watchful eyes.

They flee and flee, into the depths of the forest. Here, no one passes.

Such complacency leads to vulnerabilities.

Up next: If You’re Going To Hide Something, Hide It in the Forest

Who's behind you?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_000.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_002.md)

