[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_009.md)



## Chapter 33: Testing the Accomplice

"Hello, I’m Ellie, a mage. I have extensively researched ancient magical
civilization-era magical weapons."

With composure, Ellie greeted the Prince and Georg with a smile. The
Prince returned her smile, while Georg looked at her with suspicion.

After their agreement the prior night, Letty had returned to the inn at
once. The next morning, accompanied by Ellie, she visited the Third
Knight Order's barracks again, this time through the front gate. The
guards must have been informed, as Georg quickly came out and led them
to the designated area, bringing them to the present moment.

"Yes, your companion, Egret, introduced you as the world's most
knowledgeable person regarding the *Thunder Emperor*, but could you
perhaps show me a little of the knowledge that earns you such praise?"

"Yes, of course. ...Is it alright if I share this with Georg-san as
well?"

"Ah, it's fine."

"Understood. Then, first, while typically referred to uniformly as the
*Thunder Emperor*, in reality it’s actually composed of multiple tools.
The primary source, the place for generating magical power. The size of
the room where the super-large mana reactor is installed is, well... a
very large room, likely occupying about a quarter of the royal castle's
basement. To generate such amounts of power, it needs to gather mana
from its surroundings. There must also be several stake-like tools that
determine the area of control from which it gathers mana. Then there are
two types of tools that wield the gathered mana: The orb held by the
primary owner, and the staff bestowed by that primary owner. Both can
use lightning strikes for attacks, raining down over a wide area from
the sky. The range can be specified by the wielder, but an area of about
1 square kilometer several kilometers away can easily be encompassed
within its effective range, so a normally deployed army could probably
be completely annihilated even before engaging. The orb, in addition, is
capable of constantly deploying a barrier against physical and magical
attacks around its owner. Therefore, attacks against the orb owner can
be considered to be quite difficult to penetrate."

Ellie, prompted to speak, fluently, almost mechanically, flaunted her
knowledge.

At the torrent of words, Georg blinked repeatedly as if seeing something
unfathomable. The Prince, having heard the explanation of the orb,
tilted his head in wonder and posed a question.

"Yes, please hold on a moment. I wasn't aware of that orb's barrier
function."

"Ah, then perhaps the Queen kept that hidden. Are there any other
discrepancies?"

"No, as far as I know, there isn't. At least I understand very well now
that you are extremely knowledgeable about the Valandian Royal Family's
secret treasure."

He shrugged, a hint of exasperation, suggesting, "Perhaps even more so
than me, the Prince." Georg remained silent but looked at Ellie with
newfound suspicion, though for a different reason than before, given how
knowledgeable she was.

"By the way, assuming that barrier truly exists, what kind of strength
does it have?"

"Well, it depends on the amount of mana gathered, but... against
physical attacks, it can even defend against siege bows. You can assume
that human-powered attacks will mostly be ineffective. As for magic,
even spells that could fell an Iron Golem with one blow probably
wouldn't penetrate it."

She answered with a calm and amicable tone. The Prince looked up at the
ceiling at her reply and let out a small sigh.

"I now understand that without your knowledge, I would have been
futilely counter-attacked. Well then, may I assume you also know the
weaknesses or vulnerabilities of the *Thunder Emperor*?"

"Yes, though I suppose it's less of a weakness and more of a
countermeasure, perhaps."

According to Ellie, the *staff* had a clear weakness or flaw. However,
the *orb* had no distinct, obvious drawbacks. As expected, when it came
to something held by the primary owner, the identification and
countermeasures against flaws and weaknesses must have been meticulously
addressed.

"In that case, there's only one countermeasure: stop the mana reactor,
or seize control of it."

"...How? As you know, that place is filled with dense mana leaking from
the reactor. One can get mana poisoning just standing near the entrance,
so I doubt there's anyone who can get close enough to do anything."

"Normally, that's true. But I can cast a more powerful barrier than an
ordinary mage. I shall operate it."

*It almost sounds too easy, too perfect. Is this a trap? Can I trust
her? Even if it is a trap, is there any other choice?* At her confident
reply, the Prince couldn’t help but run through the many variables on
his mind. He considered these points, and having reached a conclusion,
he looked up.

"If your story is true, I see immense merit in bringing you two in.
However, to simply swallow it whole would be foolish. I'd like to test
something, if that's alright?"

"Yes, of course. What would you like to test?"

"Hmm, well then, how about..."

At Ellie's ready acceptance, the Prince, uncharacteristically, thought
that perhaps there was no need to test it. He proposed testing Ellie's
barrier against a magical attack from the Knight Order's mages.

Seeing Ellie's unwavering response, "Naturally," and then looking at
Letty, who had brought her, Georg could only mutter, "What kind of guts
do you two have...?"

\*\*\*

At the training ground immediately adjacent to the barracks, Letty and
her group, the Prince and his group, and the mages called as guard
soldiers, gathered. There were a total of 50 mages. It was said that
only one in a thousand people possessed enough mana to become a mage.
Among about 500 mages directly affiliated with the kingdom, having 50
assigned to the Third Knight Order of approximately 10,000 soldiers was
considered quite good treatment.

When the upcoming test was explained, there were various reactions: some
became displeased, others looked uneasy. As mages skilled enough to be
recruited by the Knight Order, they would naturally be displeased at
something like being used for a test of skill, and perhaps worried about
accidentally killing a (seemingly) young girl. Nevertheless, it was an
order from not just the commander, but the Prince himself, so they had
no choice but to obey.

"Then, allow me to proceed." A sullen-looking middle-aged mage stepped
forward.

When the Prince smiled and assented, Ellie and the mage moved to the
center of the training ground. Facing each other, Ellie pretended to
quietly chant the spell for a magical barrier. As soon as she finished,
the mage understood that the barrier had deployed.

"Yes, I'm ready. Anytime you wish."

"Hmph, we'll see how long you can say that. Flame Lance!"

The man suddenly unleashed a spell. A giant flame lance, appearing
abruptly, flew directly towards Ellie.

This was a technique called "short chanting," where only the spell name
was used without full incantation. It allowed for sudden attacks, making
it possible to exploit an opponent's openings.

However, it required a high amount of mana and concentration, making it
impossible for ordinary mages to use effectively. But the one unleashed
by the mage was superb, maintaining the power of what was considered an
advanced individual magic. Yet—

"Aha, I'm still perfectly fine\\"

It was easily defended against. The barrier didn't even waver, let alone
break. The mages, who understood the implication, were momentarily
stunned, then began to stir and murmur.

"Th-then, next will be... Lightning Bolt!!"

His agitation lasted only a few seconds. This time, he concentrated
carefully, chanted properly... and released his mana. The magic guided
by the spell became a blinding flash of lightning to strike down the
enemy. Its power surpassed the scope of an individual target, allowing
one to encompass multiple people in an area and striking them down in
one blow. And yet—

"Oops, still perfectly fine\\"

As Ellie replied cheerfully, the mage felt something waver within him.
*This won’t do*, he thought, shaking his head to regain his composure,
and began chanting again.

"How about this, Rock Blast!!"

The ground swelled, morphed, and became a giant rock. It was then
launched towards Ellie. A mass weapon imbued with magic, powerful enough
in terms of pure pressure, but... again, it was stopped.

"U-uuuuugh... Blow, storm, rage, lightning! My enemy is your enemy, your
victory is my glory!! Come and tremble, King of Storms!! Violent
Tempest!!!"

"W-wait, that's!"

The man who was the leader among the mages instinctively cried out to
stop him. It was the strongest spell in his repertoire. It was a complex
spell where blades of air assaulted from all directions and chaotic
lightning struck, making defense difficult.

Violent thunder roared, dust billowed, and after the air was sucked into
the resulting vacuum, causing a storm-like wind to rage... The moment he
saw Ellie still standing cheerfully, the man collapsed to his knees.

"...Even though I suggested this, I feel bad... Or should I be praising
your outrageousness?"

The test ended. The Prince showed a wry smile, looking at the mages who
were completely speechless. The man who had cast the spells was the
second-in-command mage, the second most skilled practitioner in the
Third Knight Order. And the outcome was the result of him putting forth
his full effort.

"Anyway, let's just be genuinely happy for now. With this, my mind has
been made up."

"It makes me feel rather complicated, but I shall not voice it now."

Letty could be seen congratulating Ellie for her hard work while Ellie
responded with a smile. *Surely with these two we can*... The Prince had
already begun such calculations.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The hand is set, and this is a critical moment where they can't wait for
the time to ripen.

Who said that speed is better than skillful delay in war?

To gain the initiative, they rush forward.

Up next: The Beginning of the Great Betrayal

Now, will taking the initiative guarantee victory?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_007.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_009.md)

