[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_010.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_012.md)



## Chapter 36: Charging Headfirst into the Future

After parting ways with Georg and his men, the Prince and his contingent
spurred their horses onward without looking back.

*Is it my imagination, or does the main thoroughfare leading to the
royal castle feel less crowded than usual?* A wry smile escaped him as
the Prince considered that this, too, might be Georg's doing.

That cheerful yet scrupulously diligent man seemed to be doing his job
thoroughly, even in places like this.

"I'm still being treated like a child, aren't I..."

From a young age, he had been capable of handling almost anything. He
had probably been an easy child to raise. A child who could be described
as mature, or perhaps, lacking in endearing qualities.

But still, to have met adults who made him feel like he still had much
to learn was something to be truly grateful for.

Precisely for that reason, he regretted sending them to their deaths.

Yet, he did not regret making such a choice.

If anything, he resented his own immaturity and the circumstances that
left him no other option. But perhaps these were burdens to carry, to
hold onto, and to take with him into the future.

*No, I shall definitely carry them.* He resolved this in his heart.

The castle gates came into view. This was where his true test began.

Riding at the front, he reached the gates and let his clear voice ring.
"Open the gates! We demand passage!"

A beautiful yet powerful voice. One that could make one lose themselves
in admiration. The gatekeeper, who had instinctively started to open the
gate as commanded, shook his head frantically, regaining his composure.

"Y-Your Highness, what is the meaning of this?"

"It is an urgent matter, not something for your ears. Or are you saying
you cannot heed the words of your Prince?"

"...Indeed, my apologies, Your Highness."

Sensing something from the Prince's expression and the aura of the unit
following behind him, the gatekeeper nodded meaningfully and opened the
gate. Leonhardt, nodding in return, passed through the gate and was
about to spur his horse further, but—

"Wait! Even Your Highness cannot act so arbitrarily!"

Several soldiers came rushing forward, shouting. ...Faces he didn't
often see. The Chancellor's personal guard, or perhaps the Queen's
private soldiers.

"Oh? Is there something wrong with my actions?"

"Of course there is! Even for Your Highness, this is the royal castle.
The current ruler is Her Majesty the Queen. This is strictly Her
Majesty's castle; please refrain from acting as you please."

He gazed fixedly at the man who spoke with such a pompous posture.

...Perhaps subordinates tend to resemble their masters; the man's face
resembled the Chancellor's unpleasant, subtly malicious smirk. His
audacity to speak thus, even looking at himself and the knights
following behind, was impressive.

*Or rather, should I call it brazen?* He instinctively chuckled, and the
man's face turned suspicious.

"Something wrong?"

"Ah, it's quite perplexing, you see. What is your rank? By what
authority do you offer me your opinion?"

"Huh? ...I-I have been appointed by His Excellency the Chancellor to
guard this area..."

"Yes. And your rank?"

"Th-that is... um..."

The man was bewildered.

No one had dared defy them when they claimed the Chancellor's backing.
He had thought it was as natural as possessing his own power, but...

It was useless against the Prince before him. He simply couldn't
comprehend it.

"So. You mean to say you have no particular rank, yet you speak against
me?"

"B-but that is His Excellency the Chancellor's command."

"I see? So for you, the Chancellor's command takes precedence over the
ranks and positions established by the kingdom's law?"

"Huh? ...Ah, no, that is..." Only then did he seem to finally understand
what he had been doing and saying.

The color of the Prince's eyes, gazing at him, held an unfathomable
coldness. His legs began to tremble, and he instinctively took a step
back.

"I understand perfectly, thank you. With this, I have shed my last
hesitation." The Prince smiled. A peerless smile, utterly out of place
and out of nowhere.

The next moment—

*Whoosh*

The sound of cutting through air.

"...A-agh...?!"

The sword that the Prince had drawn and swung without warning cut the
man's throat, and he collapsed, gurgling blood and letting out a
voiceless scream.

Immediately, shouts echoed throughout the castle... from the men who had
been with him. Ignoring them, the Prince shook the blood from his blade
with a single flick and took a deep breath.

...The stench of blood seemed particularly strong to his nose.

"Silence!! Drop your weapons, offer no resistance! If you resist, I will
show no mercy! You will be cut down!!"

Struck by his words and pierced by his gaze, the men flinched and
cowered. They threw down their weapons and prostrated themselves on the
ground. Immediately, knights rushed forward and bound them.

He glanced around, confirming his surroundings. *...It seems most of the
people here are aligned with me.* He felt a slight relief at that.

"Attention!! From this moment forth, I shall speak with my mother! Even
if I must make my blade speak for me! If you remain where you are, all
is well. If you have objections, then strike me down!"

As he declared this, everyone present took a few steps back, bowed their
heads, and knelt. At their fealty, he gave a single nod. ...He pretended
not to notice that a few did so grudgingly.

"All dismount!! The operation now proceeds to the next phase!!"

The knights, who had entered the castle in an orderly fashion,
dismounted from their horses in perfect unison at his command. Their
movements were so impeccable that some couldn't help but be mesmerized.

"Now, from here on, according to plan. Ellie, and the rest of you, you
are the key. I’m counting on you."

"Yes. Without fail."

"Such an honor... Your Highness, please leave it to us."

Ellie nodded at the bowing Prince, while the roughly ten knights
assigned as guards quickly became flustered and humbled. Ellie then
turned to Letty, who stood beside her.

"Well then, I'm off."

She nodded at Ellie, who showed her usual smile. Then, after thinking
for a moment, she beckoned. "Umm... Ellie."

"Yes?" As Ellie approached, wondering what it was, Letty gently embraced
her and whispered into her ear, *"...Be careful."*

She thought she heard a faint *gulp* as Ellie stiffened. A few seconds
later, as Ellie began to shift around in place, Letty released her and
gave her a pat on the shoulder.

"That's, that's what I mean! You! Without any warning!"

"...I feel incredibly, unreasonably, treated..."

Laughter erupted from the surrounding onlookers at their exchange,
making Ellie blush even more with embarrassment.

"Fine, I don't care anymore, I'm going!" ...Despite saying so, Ellie's
steps were light and airy as she headed towards the *Garden of the
Thunder Emperor*—the room with the mana reactor.

*Did I overdo it?* She mused inwardly, reflecting.

"...I'm sorry for this, Egret. I know you didn't want to be separated,
but we need you over here."

She nodded at the apologetic Prince. "I understand, it's alright.
Besides, you don't need to worry about Ellie."

...Though, she did feel a slight tug at her heart.

But that lasted for only an instant before she quickly switched to her
“work” face.

"Is that so? Thank you." With that, the Prince scanned the knights
standing behind him. “Well then, shall we go?”

As expected of Georg's trained Third Knight Order, these were the elite.
Each and every one of them had a resolute, confident expression.

"Gentlemen! We shall now storm the castle! This is a battle to end the
evils of the past! And to begin the future we must seize!! Entrust your
lives to me! Let us go and do what must be done!"

The pressure of the rising war cry vibrated the air, echoing powerfully.

An immense burden. Yet, it was the path he had chosen, and they followed
him.

For a better future.

"All troops, charge!"

With the Prince's command, as one and in perfect order, the 90 knights
began their assault into the castle.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

She looks like a girl, but don't underestimate her.

Countless are those who are deceived by appearances and regret it in the
afterlife.

Yes, she is...

Up next: The Fair Maiden, Renown Indomitable

This is precisely her true power unleashed.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_010.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_012.md)

