[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_030.md)



## Chapter 53: What the Journey Reveals

The next morning, they prepared to depart and informed the innkeeper
that they were checking out.

Perhaps it was because they were good customers who had kept their room
tidy, or perhaps because they gave her a generous tip, but the innkeeper
seemed reluctant to see them go. Regardless, they gave a slight wave to
her who came out to bid them farewell and headed to the guild.

The receptionist seemed to understand after seeing their attire. Her
smile became a little wistful as she turned to head to the back.

Thomas arrived, his steps noticeably calmer than yesterday, and invited
them in.

"Looking like that, you're leaving after all, aren't you?"

"Yes, we have a new destination."

"...I see. It felt both long and short, but I’m grateful for all your
help. Thank you both, truly."

His comrades who had visited were leaving again.

Sending off adventurers. It was something he was used to, but this time,
the weight of it was different, and he felt slightly hesitant. Still,
this was their decision; he couldn't stop them.

Thomas bowed deeply to the two and Ellie returned the gesture.

"No, no, the pleasure was ours."

Following Ellie, Letty also bowed her head and said, "...Please give my
regards to your wife and the baby.” When she looked up, Thomas had a
dumbfounded expression, like a deer caught in the headlights¹.

Letty tilted her head in confusion.

"Is something wrong?"

"No, it's just... I've been thinking since yesterday... Egret, have you
changed somehow?"

*Was she ever the type to give such polite greetings?* He found himself
staring intently at Letty's face. He couldn't quite pinpoint what it
was, but he sensed something new in her expression and demeanor that
hadn't been there before.

"Who knows...? I can't tell myself," Letty replied, still looking
puzzled, while beside her, Ellie inexplicably wore a smug expression,
brimming with superiority.

After some idle chatter, they left the guild.

"Come back anytime, you're always welcome!" Thomas called out as he saw
them off. Letty firmly shook hands with the teary-eyed receptionist.

While being observed by the adventurers watching the scene with
curiosity, the two headed out of the town.

\*\*\*

Eventually, they reached the western gate. Though the treaty hadn't been
signed yet, the town had regained its calm with the arrival of official
peace envoys from Valandia. Already, enterprising merchants with their
wagon trains were preparing to head west. They navigated through the
bustling crowd to reach the gate and began the departure procedures.

Showing their guild cards, the procedure was surprisingly smooth.
Perhaps thanks to the restored peace, or maybe Thomas's foresight.

They nodded to the gate guards and stepped out. Casually, they looked
back.

"...It's strange, isn't it?"

"What's wrong? All of a sudden."

The gate leading out of the town. They had passed through it countless
times, and now they were passing through it again. That should have been
all.

"This town isn't as familiar as Wals should be... yet I feel the same
reluctance to leave."

"Ah... yes, I think I understand that feeling. A lot happened here,
after all... it has a special place in our memories."

There was a future where that western gate might have been exposed to
the ravages of war. But now, no scars were etched upon it.

Merchants busy preparing for departure. Children running around them,
helping or playing. The slightly less stern expressions of the soldiers.
The flags of the Jurastin Kingdom and the Azar countdom fluttering in
the summer sky.

The atmosphere was markedly different from the somewhat tense bustle
from when they had first arrived. Perhaps this is what it meant to be
lively and vibrant.

"...What is this feeling? Maybe, I'm just happy... to see this kind of
sight."

Ellie gazed at Letty's profile. Her brows softly arched, her eyes
slightly lowered, the corners of her mouth turned up just a little.

"Yes... I think so too."

...A smiling Letty was there.

Ellie gazed at her profile, smiling, never tiring of it.

\*\*\*

Eventually, having savored their farewells enough, they turned and began
to walk.

The midsummer sun was already high and hot before noon. They put on sun
hats and draped thin white cloaks over their shoulders.

The climate in this region, perhaps because the sea was distant, had low
humidity even in summer, and little rain. As long as they shielded
themselves from the sun and a breeze came through, the dry air was
pleasant.

"The weather is nice, isn't it?"

"Yes... the sky is blue..."

The sky they looked up at was a deep summer blue. They narrowed their
eyes, gazing at the cloudless expanse. After a while, Letty murmured,
"...That's right... the sky *is* blue, isn't it...?" As if she had just
noticed it for the first time.

"Yes, it is. It's blue." Ellie narrowed her eyes.

If someone who knew nothing overheard, they would probably be astonished
and say, "What an obvious thing to say!" But for Ellie, those words
brought joy.

A bird zipped across the sky. A slender, sharp silhouette, maybe that of
a swallow. As her gaze followed it, distant mountain ranges came into
view. Trees, having soaked up the summer sunshine, held a deep green.

Descending from there to the foot of the mountains, the fresh green of
the sprawling grasslands spread out. The highway winding through them
was covered with white cobblestones, and the occasional trees planted
beside it were also a rich, deep green.

"The sky is blue, and the mountains are green... It's obvious, isn't it?
It's obvious, but..."

*It’s such an obvious thing. But why does it look so different from the
scenery I’ve always seen?*

Letty's hand was squeezed. Surprised, she looked at Ellie beside her,
who was smiling gently.

...For some reason, she felt a little embarrassed, as if something she
didn't want seen had been seen, and she looked away.

But—

*Ah, I figured as much.*

"I think... walking was a good choice," she murmured.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The path once traversed now shows a different color.

This is partly nature's doing, and partly attributable to the observer.

Up next: Revisiting for the First Time

And that's why it's irreplaceable.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: Strangely Japanese chapter isn’t it

¹ It actually was “like a pigeon hit by a peashooter”
(鳩が豆鉄砲を食ったよう) — it’s a Japanese idiom for a look of
shock….so, a deer caught in the headlights


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_028.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_030.md)

