[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_005.md)



## Chapter 29: A Future Clouded In Uncertainty

The next day, in the early afternoon when most adventurers were out on
quests, Letty and Ellie visited Thomas. The receptionist, who seemed to
remember them, led them to the back, where they waited for a while.
Thomas arrived, his footsteps sounding a bit hurried.

"Ghost—no, Egret—you're back surprisingly fast for it being just
yesterday!"

"Hmm... things have gotten complicated."

"Whoa, whoa, what happened...? Well, for now, please have a seat." He
gestured to the long sofa for the two of them, then sat opposite them.
Once they were seated, Letty stared at the ceiling for a moment,
wondering where to start.

"First off, the Count of Azar is corrupt. He's diverting goods to
Valandia."

"I knew it... But seriously, how much did you find out in just one day?"

"We were lucky, but..."

She then went on to explain the fruits of yesterday's information
gathering: that most of the items in short supply were typical military
goods, that a transaction had taken place in the western forest, and
that the Count had likely received a letter guaranteeing his safety.

As he listened, Thomas's face grew increasingly grim.

"How did you two gather information so easily...? It makes my job as an
informant seem pointless..."

"Like I said, we just got lucky. The problem, though, is that the party
they were dealing with was Dian. He was referred to as 'Your
Excellency'."

"Wait. Your Excellency Dian of Valandia? That's..."

"...Probably the commander of the First Knight Order, right...?"

"Whoa, whoa, seriously...?"

Oscar von Dian.

He was the commander of the Kingdom of Valandia's First Knight Order,
and the one who spearheaded the invasion two years prior. Reportedly, he
was the one to have used the magical weapons that quickly annihilated
Count Yuris's forces.

The First Knight Order, under his command, was said to be a
rapid-response unit, even rumored to have the authority to initiate
military action without the king's approval. The mere connection between
such a person and the Count of Azar was problematic enough, but there
was even more to it than that.

"Just diverting goods to Valandia is a problem, but the First Knight
Order would likely be the first to arrive in an emergency. If a border
lord who was diverting military supplies and begging for his life were
assassinated, then... wouldn’t it be safe to say they'd exploit the
confusion to invade, and also to destroy evidence?"

"Considering the type and quantity of the supplies being collected, I
think they're ready to launch a rapid invasion. If they could capture
Azar almost intact, perhaps with the Count's help or due to the chaos
from his death, they could probably stay for almost a month. With that
much time, it wouldn't be impossible for them to seize more food from
nearby farming villages or coordinate with their home country to
solidify their position. They also have the option of taking everything
and making a strategic withdrawal."

"Since he said they'd make another trade in a week, I didn't act
yesterday. I assumed we would have at least a week's grace for now..."

"No, that was probably the right decision... This feels unpleasant... If
only we could learn more about the First Knight Order's movements."

Thomas found himself gazing upward. The impenetrable ceiling seemed to
symbolize the current predicament and felt annoyingly oppressive. If
they didn't kill the Count of Azar, and even if they did, there was a
high possibility that the town would devolve into a battlefield.

*Is there even a point in killing him? What should we do…* Such
despairing thoughts were churning in Thomas’s head when a question
suddenly struck him.

"Wait a minute. The First Knight Order? Dian is the commander of the
First Knight Order, right?" He jolted upright and leaned forward,
looking to Letty for confirmation.

"That's what I remember, why?"

"It’s strange. Right now, the Third Knight Order should be stationed at
the border over there, in the town of Ausberg. I don't know where the
First Knight Order is, even I can't figure that out... What the hell is
going on here?"

As Thomas bemoaned the lack of information, Letty and Ellie exchanged
glances. They tried to understand the implication of his words but were
only left confused.

"Are they deliberately transporting food to the First Knight Order when
they aren’t anywhere nearby? Bypassing the Third Knight Order which
should be closer to the border? Strategically, that seems incredibly
wasteful... Does that mean the Third Knight Order is insufficient in
terms of military strength?"

"No, that can’t be it. The Third Knight Order has a thousand knights,
plus seven thousand attendants and infantry. That's eight thousand pure
combatants, and nearly ten thousand if you include non-combatants. At
the very least, their strength isn't significantly lower compared to the
First Knight Order."

Of course, Azar also had forces of a similar scale to counter them. But
if they failed to properly mobilize and were routed and occupied... It
would take nearly two weeks for the Jurastin side to organize and
dispatch a counter-force.

At the very least, the Valandian First Knight Order could almost
certainly reach Azar faster, arriving in under a week. Yet, this
inconsistency suggested...

"Are they out of step... not unified in purpose...?"

"That's what it feels like... Thomas-san, have you heard anything about
conflict or feuds within Valandia?"

Receiving their gazes, Thomas pondered. He folded his arms and started
vacantly at the table in front of him... then his eyebrow twitched. And
his face grew increasingly... puzzled.

"...There is. There is, but... no, surely not... Is that what this
means...?"

"It's annoying seeing you just talk to yourself about it."

"Oh, no, sorry. I don't have definitive proof, but... I think there's a
huge conflict ongoing in Valandia at the moment. They're divided into an
expansionist faction, which advocates invading and expanding into
various countries, and an anti-expansionist faction. The Queen is
expansionist. And the leader of the opposing faction is the First
Prince... Crown Prince Leonhardt. I've also heard he's on good terms
with the Third Knight Order."

And that Third Knight Order was currently stationed in Ausberg. While he
didn't know the exact chain of command that led them to be stationed
there, it wasn't impossible to infer.

"Huh? No, wait a minute. So, if we assume the Third Knight Order is
holding the line in Ausberg under the Prince's command, and the First
Knight Order doesn't approve of that and is preparing to invade without
going through Ausberg..."

"The assassination of the Count of Azar could be the perfect pretext..."

"If they could capture Azar, a strategic point, in a few days, they
wouldn't have to worry about supply issues for a while... And no matter
how much they're in conflict, they wouldn't be able to refuse support
and supplies to allied forces who've taken a stronghold, so the Third
Knight Order would have their hands tied."

"This is even worse than the First Knight Order being in Ausberg and
possibly invading..."

Of course, there was no concrete proof, but the circumstantial evidence
was simply too strong.

"What are we going to do about this..." Thomas could only mutter,
feeling utterly defeated. He slumped back into the sofa, looking up at
the ceiling.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

They're in a tight spot, on the edge of a cliff with fire at their feet.

To pull a rabbit out of the hat and escape this predicament, they'll
have to take a risk, as the saying goes, "nothing ventured, nothing
gained."

Up next: A Drowning Man’s Desperation

Is what's there a tiger cub or a paper tiger?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_003.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_005.md)

