[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_008.md)



## Chapter 32: Clandestine Conspiring

"Accomplice..?"

"Yes, accomplice. What do you say?"

She paused, contemplating the offer posed by the Prince.

The Prince of the Kingdom of Valandia. He was asking her to be a
co-conspirator, a joint perpetrator of what he considered a criminal
act.

*What kind of criminal acts would a Prince request?* As her thoughts
reached that point, her shoulders twitched. She took a long, slow
breath.

"If the action you call 'co-conspiracy' is what I imagine, I'd like 100
mithril silver coins."

"Yes, as expected.” Despite Letty's ambiguous reply, the Prince nodded
contentedly. He then directed a mischievous smile at Georg. “What do you
think, Georg, is she worth that much?"

Georg, who had brought her, returned a complicated expression. "You ask
a cruel question, Your Highness... You ask me the price of a woman who
could kill me. ...Honestly, if we can bring her on board, 100 or even
200 coins wouldn't be too much to ask."

With a grimace, he gave his fair assessment of Letty.

"Is that so? If you say so, then it must be true. It sounds like you've
been thoroughly put through the wringer, haven't you?"

"Please, don't say such things."

Though his pride as a warrior was wounded, Georg understood his
priorities. It was inevitable that his face would turn even more sour
when teased. After such banter, the Prince turned back to Letty.

"So, I'm not unwilling to pay you 100 mithril silver coins. I can even
draw up a contract if you wish. All that's left is for you to make up
your mind."

His beaming smile grew increasingly radiant. Letty consciously steadied
her breathing under a pressure she rarely felt even in dire situations.
She recalled Ellie's face. Thomas's face also surfaced in her mind.

She considered what she needed to do and, "Understood”, nodded once.
"I've made up my mind. Tell me your plan."

"Thank you. It's fortunate to have a collaborator like you. Now, where
to begin...? Well, it seems you've already guessed. To put it simply,
it's nothing less than the greatest taboo for a human and for royalty...
regicide. I believe there's no other way to salvage the current
situation."

According to the Prince, extreme expansionist policies and severe
taxation were being imposed throughout the kingdom to support the
Queen's extravagant spending. Those who resisted were, of course,
punished, sometimes even with extreme penalties, and there were no
longer any truly upright advisors left in the court.

With such drastic actions as proof, it was not hard to see that the
strategy of expansion was not grounded in reality, rather resting on a
precarious balance that could collapse at any moment. As the Prince,
Leonhardt had continued to advise against it until the very end, but his
warnings went unheeded. Recently, he had even begun to feel his life was
in danger. With his back against the wall, there was only one option
left.

"To call it a 'coup d'état' sounds pleasant, but in the end, it's just a
child murdering his irreformable mother. Even so, it’s my mantle to take
up."

The Prince's tone, once confident, had turned disturbingly detached.
Georg, listening beside him, also exuded an air of resignation.

"Originally, there were two reasons why I stationed the Third Knight
Order here. One was, as you correctly deduced, to keep the expansionist
faction in check. The other was to observe the movements of other knight
orders and armies from a distance, and then seize an opportunity to
advance on the capital.

“The Second Knight Order is currently tied down on the southern border
and the Imperial Guard has been dispatched to suppress riots in various
regions. If the First Knight Order, currently in the city of Barlstadt
to the north, were to invade Azar... To be honest, we would have seized
that opportunity, abandoned Azar, and advanced on the capital."

He spoke with utter lack of remorse and an air of detachment, though
Letty thought she might have glimpsed a momentary flicker of weakness
appropriate for his age. However, he let out a breath and immediately
composed himself.

"However, in that case, even if the coup succeeded, relations with
Jurastin would rapidly deteriorate; depending on the First Knight
Order's actions, maintaining the border would become precarious. And...
the Third Knight Order will likely suffer immense casualties, because
the Queen has the *Thunder Emperor's* divine protection."

"*Thunder Emperor*? Is that the magical weapon Valandia was said to have
used?"

"Exactly. Please forgive me for not being able to share the details
until the execution phase. ...That's why your arrival is so welcome. It
increases the means we can employ."

Having said that much, his previous composure finally returned. Letty,
who had been listening quietly, took a moment to compile her thoughts...
and then finally, "Are you considering me infiltrating alone to
assassinate the Queen?"

"That would be a last resort. What I'm considering now is for a select
few of us to infiltrate the castle, and I would strike down the Queen.
...That is, to merely create the appearance of me doing it. You would
accompany me and ensure the Queen is dispatched."

"...You would deliberately put yourself in danger?"

"Yes. If the Queen were assassinated, and then the Prince became king,
there's a possibility it would give the impression that I'm succeeding
the Queen, that is to say her policies would continue. It's necessary to
convey both domestically and internationally that a prince opposed to
the Queen's policies is striking her down to signify change."

The Prince calmly replied to Letty's curiosity. His face held the
cunning she had seen earlier, though it was understandable that he
looked slightly pained. Observing his expression, and confirming he
wasn't lying, Letty slowly nodded.

"I see, I understand. If that goes well, the border region won't be
unnecessarily chaotic, either..."

"Exactly. ...Well, the rest is how we'll get past the *Thunder
Emperor's* divine protection and eliminate the Queen."

Reaching the Queen herself would certainly not be impossible. However,
if she used the *Thunder Emperor* when confronted, the situation would
become disastrous. For that reason, the Prince seemed determined to act
as a decoy to draw attention, with Letty delivering the finishing blow.

"In that case Prince, you are fortunate. We have an ally who is probably
the most knowledgeable in the world about the *Thunder Emperor*."

For the first time, Prince Leonhardt looked genuinely taken aback. He
exchanged glances with Georg beside him before letting out a wry
chuckle.

"If that's true, I wholeheartedly believe 100 mithril silver coins is a
bargain."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

They talk of getting their hands dirty, but are they even capable of
getting them dirty?

First, let's see their skill; please excuse any rough handling.

Up next: Testing the Accomplice

If you like what you see, then come and buy.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_006.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_008.md)

