[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_057.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_059.md)



## Chapter 82: The Missing Eye of the Dragon

Turning his back on the door, he started walking.

One step. Then another.

...With each step, his body grew heavier.

"Ahh... just a little more. Please, just hold on."

He pressed his chest, as if grasping his lungs through his clothes, and
grumbled.

It had been fun. As a father, as a husband, as a human. It had been a
joyful meal after a long time.

"If I'm satisfied with just that much, though, it'll be a problem."

*Cough*, a cough escaped him. Just walking made him breathless, and his
lungs burned. Yet, his fingertips felt cold.

Apparently, the time he had left was truly short. Was it because he had
found a little satisfaction as a human? He felt as if some thread had
snapped.

"I can't let it end here!"

His legs wouldn't move as he wished. He forced himself to raise his
head, which kept wanting to droop, and looked up at the sky.

A clear, crisp autumn night. Nothing obscured the myriad stars, shining
in the faintly bluish darkness.

*...Ah.*

*Ah, this is it.*

*This is what was missing.*

The moment he thought that, Serge dashed forward before immediately
tripping and falling to the ground. Lying face down awkwardly, he
couldn't help but laugh.

"Haha, ha, haha! Just this, for something like this, this much!"

He clawed at the ground and lifted his face. The strength that had left
him returned.

He had to go home.

He had to paint.

Driven by a desire welling up from deep within his body, he stood and
started walking. As he moved, he thought about paint mixtures in his
head.

*Not like that, not that, but this, if it's like this.*

Thinking such thoughts, he suddenly found himself in front of his
studio. He impatiently flung open the door, practically tumbling into
the room, and clung to the box containing his paints.

*This one, not this one, this one and this.*

He opened the box, rummaged inside, and grabbed them. He pulled the
palette closer, dropped colors onto it, and—

Then, there was a knock at the door.

*Who could it be, at this hour?*

No, there was only one person who would come.

He opened the door, not bothering to hide his annoyed face at the
interruption.

"Mardani-san... what do you want, at this time of night?"

As expected, Mardani was there. With his usual, no, with an even more
vulgar smile.

"Oh, what's this? When I visited in the evening, you were unusually
absent. So I came back again, you see."

"I see, my apologies then... But we don't have any appointments now, do
we?"

He sighed, implicitly telling him to leave. He didn't have time for this
conversation.

"Ah, no appointment, indeed. But it seems you've been painting quite
diligently lately, haven't you? Show me that."

"Huh...? Well, I don't mind."

Serge let him in, thinking it was fine to show it since he was about to
work on it anyway. Internally annoyed by Mardani, who entered without
any sign of hesitation, he led him to the painting.

Mardani glanced at it before nodding repeatedly with satisfaction. "This
is quite good, isn't it?"

"’Quite good’, you say... It isn't based on anything else; it's not for
sale. And I have no intention of selling it." Declaring that, Serge
plopped down in a chair.

*...Just go home already*. Even with that in his gaze, Mardani didn't
seem to care at all. In fact, he even seemed to be enjoying it.

A sneer.

Mardani's face twisted into an expression more hideous than Serge had
ever seen.

"Not based on anything, that's what I wanted. That's why it's quite
good, this one."

"...What did you say? What does that mean?"

Hearing words he couldn't just ignore, he involuntarily stood up. Serge
desperately tried to suppress the blood rushing to his head.

"You know there's a kingdom-sponsored competition coming up, don't you?
There's someone looking for a work that can be exhibited there and
perhaps win a prize."

"What?! ...You mean!"

"Ah, that's right. If it goes well, you'll get a stable income. Not a
bad deal, is it?"

In other words—

*Someone, probably a noble, wants me to paint on their behalf?*

Once he understood that, he could no longer suppress his anger.

"Are you kidding me!! This is my painting, *my* painting! For some
person I don't even know who or where they are!" He raged, his voice
rising.

*Have I really been painting for a scoundrel like this? I’ve been taking
money for this!?* He felt dizzy from his own foolishness.

However, while Serge was glaring at Mardani with murderous intent,
Mardani studied him with curiosity.

"What are you talking about? If it makes money, isn't that good? The pay
will be better than before, you know?"

"That's not the point! If you don't understand that, there's no talking
to you! Mardani-san, this is the end for us, please leave!"

Saying that, he grabbed Mardani’s arm and pulled.

...But his arm was shaken off. Serge's eyes widened at the unexpected
strength. He had looked like he was well past middle age and into old
age.

Furrowing his brow in annoyance, Mardani sighed with a theatrical
gesture. "Good grief, I thought we got along well. But I have my own
circumstances, so I'll be taking this painting."

He reached out his hand towards Serge. Though faint, it was a hand
enveloped in a magical light... and the next moment—

"What?! *Gah*, *hah*!! H-*guh*! Wha-this, *cough*, *cough*!"

Serge, who had been standing frozen, was suddenly struck by a severe
fit, collapsing to the floor, coughing violently. Tears welled up, and
his head swam from the unprecedented pain that made it impossible to
breathe.

Mardani looked down at him with no emotion whatsoever.

"What, just a slight worsening of your condition is all it takes? I
didn't even need to lay a hand on you... Well, it's a minor thing. Now,
I'll be taking this painting."

Saying that, Mardani grabbed the painting and started to leave. But
something entangled his foot.

"Give it back... That painting, it's mine... Mine... *cough*, it's
mine!"

"...You're persistent... Just lie there quietly, you living corpse."

He looked at Serge, who was clinging to him with a surprising amount of
strength for that of a dying man, with slight disdain. With strength
that seemed impossible for an old man, Mardani kicked him away.

Serge was sent sprawling, though he still managed to sit up and crawl
towards him.

"Give... it back... that... is... mine..."

"Enough already."

As Serge approached with a look like that of a vengeful ghost, Mardani
expressionlessly kicked him down again. With a dull *thud*, Serge’s head
hit the leg of a nearby table, and with that, he finally collapsed face
down on the floor. Something clattered as it fell. He stirred a little,
but he seemed unable to summon any more strength.

"Good grief, what a bother you are. Well then. I suppose we won't be
meeting again."

With just a faint hint of irritation.

*Slam!* The door closed.

\*\*\*

*...Stir.*

Serge's body, which had been prostrate, moved.

*Give it back.*

*Give it back.*

He murmured softly, reaching out his hand. Even knowing it was already
out of reach. He couldn't give up.

*Stir, stir.*

His body, slowly, moved forward.

His life rapidly dwindled.

He couldn't catch up. He wouldn't make it in time.

Even understanding that. Even so.

His outstretched fingertips touched something.

Something he had touched countless times, familiar to his fingers.

"Palette...? ...Ah..."

The palette he had been about to mix colors on, when he was interrupted.
It must have fallen when he hit the table earlier.

*That's right.*

"That's right... I have to make the color... that color..."

In his fading consciousness, the color he had seen at that moment
floated up. *This color and this color... and this, in this proportion.*
He mixed them, adjusting with the sensation of his trembling fingertips.

What he saw through his blurred eyes was the blue of the night sky,
seeming to melt and disappear into the moonlight streaming in.

"This is it... This… there... on that..."

If he did that, it would be complete.

\*\*\*

*Thud.*

A quiet sound of something gently collapsing.

And then, nothing stirred again.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

It arrives suddenly.

She knew that well. More than well, even.

Without realizing that this was not the same as getting used to it.

Up Next: A Bolt from the Blue

She wouldn’t forget the blue she saw then.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: The chapter title, *The Missing Eye of the Dragon*, is about
“lacking that finishing touch,” a reference to [an idiom about a Chinese
painter](https://blog.kano.ac/archive/posts/2184_garyo-tensei-wo-kaku/).

Zhang Sengyou was a Chinese painter commissioned to paint four dragons.
He refused to draw the eyes as he claimed the dragons would fly out of
the wall once he did. When people started calling him a liar, he drew
eyes on two of the dragons, who then became real and flew away\\

Shows them


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_057.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_059.md)

