[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_056.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 81: Forever From Here

"Well then, we'll be taking our leave now!"

"...See you tomorrow, around noon."

With that, Letty and Ellie departed. Serge's work was mostly done;
tomorrow, he wouldn't be painting Matilda, and Letty's painting just
needed to dry. With a little free time, he decided he would look at
Ellie's works.

"Yes, we'll be waiting for you then."

"Be careful on your way home. ...Though, you're both adventurers, so
perhaps that's unnecessary worry." Serge said with a laugh, waving them
goodbye.

Soon, their figures disappeared from view. Without a word, he lowered
his hand.

Still gazing in the direction they had left, Matilda murmured, "...Is it
alright? Not to tell them?"

"It's probably not alright, but... I don't know when, or with what kind
of face."

Unconsciously, he put a hand to his chest... to his lungs. The attack
hadn't come yet, but… the dull, heavy sensation was undeniable. He
mumbled, "...When it's finished, perhaps... after all."

"If things go as planned, the day after tomorrow?" Matilda questioned.

"I'll do my best to make it so." He replied, sounding a little
unconfident.

...Honestly, it could already be called complete. The rest was just a
struggle with his own satisfaction. It was a matter in a realm he
couldn't put into words.

"Ah, just to your satisfaction, then... do your best." She patted his
back, as if to console him.

At the gentle touch, his eyes widened in surprise, then narrowed.
"What's wrong? You're surprisingly kind today."

"Haha, just once in a while.” Matilda looked back into the room.
“Besides, you need to help me carry my treasure now, you know."

The painting, bathed in the setting sun's faint, reddish light, appeared
a little bashful. More than anything, its inherent warmth seemed to have
intensified.

"Right... I'd be happy if you consider it a treasure."

"Don't be silly. ...It already is."

Turning away as she spoke, Matilda’s ears were red, as if they'd been
dyed by the evening sun.

\*\*\*

They covered the painting with a protective cloth, lightly tied it, and
then, with much effort, carried it together. Their idle chatter
continued without interruption. Sometimes one would hold it, sometimes
both. Before they knew it, they were in front of a familiar house.

"*Phew*, finally, we're here."

"Good work. ...Well, it was mostly you, after all."

Serge wiped away some sweat. Even though autumn was approaching and it
was getting cooler, doing some exercise while the sun was still out made
him sweat. *I'm not used to this*, he muttered a little weakly in his
heart.

Suddenly, as he was lost in thought for a moment—

"Mom, you’re back! ...Huh, why's Dad here?"

The door opened, and an energetic boy called out to Matilda. Then, he
looked at Serge with curiosity.

"'Why'... Because I carried this painting here."

"A painting? Hmm, why’d you carry somethin’ like that to *our* house?"

As Serge observed the curious boy, Theo, a mischievous thought bubbled
up.

"I think you should ask your mom why."

"...Don't say unnecessary things, you!"

Looking embarrassed, Matilda thwacked him without holding back.

\*\*\*

"Huh... wha, who’s this? Mom, it's you, but, what is this?"

Theo voiced bewilderment. The cloth had been removed, and before the
revealed painting, he stood frozen.

Confusion and exhilaration.

Tossed between both emotions, he couldn't move.

A person he definitely knew.

An atmosphere he definitely didn't.

No, not completely unknown, but…

Something he rarely felt.

"Dad, you went too far with this."

"Shut up, you!"

*Whack!* Matilda slapped Theo's head. All the more so because she
herself also thought he might have gone too far.

Theo, struck with the unjust attack, protested with teary eyes. "Wha,
Mom, you know it too!"

"Quiet! I know it, that's why I don't want to hear it!"

As the sudden parent-child squabble erupted, Serge quietly moved the
painting to safety.

*...Still the same,* he murmured inwardly.

The atmosphere was quite comfortable.

\*\*\*

Matilda's parents, who ran a shop, also returned, greeted Serge a little
awkwardly, and then soon relaxed as they discussed the displayed
painting around the dinner table. During the meal, they couldn't help
but laugh at Matilda and Theo's endless, trivial back-and-forth.

Time passed in the blink of an eye.

"I should probably take my leave soon." Saying that, Serge stood up.

Matilda's brow furrowed slightly. "What, why don't you just stay the
night?"

"Haha, I thought about that too, but... sorry. I want to go back and
think about my next painting." He smiled, looking troubled.

*When you show a face like that, I’m the one who ends up troubled*,
Matilda grumbled in her heart.

"What, Dad, leaving already? Well, see ya!"

Theo was quite unconcerned, waving his hand lightly. Seeing that, both
Serge and Matilda were momentarily left speechless.

"Yes... see you."

He managed to keep his eyes from welling up. His voice wasn't trembling;
he was fine.

Matilda looked up at the ceiling for a moment and exhaled. She showed a
sad smile, as if holding something back.

"Ah, see you... Serge. ...Thank you for the painting. I was very... very
happy."

A feeling like his chest was being squeezed. Words caught in his throat.
Unable to say anything, they gazed at each other.

*...Ah, I wanted to paint that expression too.*

He truly seemed hopeless, thinking such things at a time like this.

"Thank you, for liking it. ...Thank you, for... everything."

Things he wanted to say, things he couldn't say.

Too much to explain.

Too little time.

Perhaps, people would call that regret.

"Well then... both of you, and Mom and Dad, take care."

He broke away, with a smile. A smile that, set against the backdrop of
the starry sky, seemed as if it might vanish into the void at a moment’s
notice.

"Wait... Serge!"

Just as she reached out her hand, the door closed.

"Mom? What's wrong?"

Along with that question, she swallowed many things. Just taking a
moment.

"Nothing, I just thought he looked like he'd forgotten something."

She laughed.

...She must have laughed.

*You blockhead!*

She cursed him once in her heart.

And then, as if to shake him off, she turned her back to the door.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

He savored what he had forgotten.

As a human, he was content with it, but as a painter, what then?

The hungry painter hurried home, to satisfy that craving.

Up Next: The Missing Eye of the Dragon

No one knows the color he saw then.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_056.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

