[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_025.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_027.md)



## Chapter 50: Trouble Strikes Suddenly

**Arc III: The Assassin Girl and the Journeying Sky**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

After dinner at Thomas's house; having managed to help a clingy Ellie
back to the inn and tumbling into bed, the next morning—

"Letty-san, we have a problem." Ellie sat primly on the bed, staring at
her with a serious expression.

Incidentally, last night, exhausted, they had fallen asleep in the same
bed. They had *only* slept.

"...A problem?” Letty sat up, tilting her head in confusion. “What
could’ve happened?"

From the looks of it, nothing seemed different from yesterday. Of
course, there was no sign of intrusion into the room either. As she
stared, wondering what it could be—

Ellie, after much fidgeting and difficulty speaking, finally opened her
mouth. "Um... it seems I can't use Mana Bolt anymore..."

"Eh." At the incredibly apologetic statement, Letty blinked in surprise.

"...Can't use it, what exactly happened?" She asked, having finally
recovered from the abrupt confession.

Ellie scratched her cheek, looking troubled.

"Well, you see... the information processing circuit for aiming Mana
Bolt seems to be a little broken. When I was operating *Wiskeraf*, it
seems to have been subjected to unreasonable levels of stress... and
even the auto-repair function can't fix it properly."

"Information processing circuit. ...I sort of get it…not really."

Letty had heard that term, or similar ones, several times. She
understood it to some extent—if "understanding" was even the right
word—that it probably had such a function.

But considering what it implied…

"Eh, wait a minute. Does that mean... Ellie, is your head okay?"

"...I'm sorry, even though I know you're worried, that phrasing is a
bit... Anyway, I can still converse like this, and my memory is fine,
but... it's just certain circuits."

After thinking for a moment, and understanding that her personality and
such parts were likely fine, Letty breathed a sigh of relief. She
reached out a hand to Ellie's head, who was looking down apologetically,
and gently stroked it.

"Mm, I see... It's good that Ellie is still Ellie. I was worried..."

"...That's what I mean about you, you know?"

Her own degradation as a tool. And yet, the trust that Letty would
surely say such things.

Feeling quite content, she hugged Letty tightly. Letty gently embraced
her, continuing to pat her head until she calmed down.

\*\*\*

"Well, most of the rough work is over, and we have more than enough
living expenses for the foreseeable future. We should be fine as long as
we don't stick our necks into dangerous situations."

"Such a calm analysis... Can I have my touching moment from earlier
back?"

Having finally settled down, they exchanged such banter. ...And still
somewhat reluctant to separate, they were still hugging.

"But seriously, won't most things be manageable? Do you think you can
still use Mana Blaster?"

"Ah, yes, it’s probably fine. I haven't fired it yet, so I can't say for
sure, but..."

"Then let's go test it later. In a decent spot somewhere in the woods."

"Right, it's probably best to check."

Chatting like this, it was quite some time until they ate breakfast.

\*\*\*

After that, they ate breakfast and went outside. After walking for a
while, they found themselves in the forest.

...Specifically, the clearing Letty previously observed used for secret
dealings.

"Hardly anyone comes here, so it should be fine."

"Indeed, here... there are plenty of targets too." Saying that, Ellie
looked around.

A deserted clearing in the forest. Naturally, there were plenty of
suitable bushes and such. This meant no shortage of targets.

"Then... first, a check of Mana Bolt, I suppose?"

"Yes. Letty-san, please stand behind me." After she said that, and
sensing Letty obediently standing behind her, Ellie took a deep breath.

She carefully, more carefully than usual, followed the firing procedure.
...Tried to follow it.

Target recognition, of course, was possible. But when she tried to aim,
the usual white circle didn't appear, or it would aim and then cancel,
immediately aiming somewhere else, refusing to let her get a proper
lock.

*What will happen if I try to fire like this?* Still, she couldn't not
check.

Minimizing the output, minimizing it to the absolute lowest—

"Mana Bolt."

Softly, in a whisper.

Immediately, with a tiny *poof*, a magical bullet the size of her pinky
finger appeared, but... It completely lost its target and ended up
flying off in a random direction.

They stared at it in silence for a moment.

"...Yeah, Mana Bolt sure is tricky..."

"Ugh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! What is this embarrassment? I knew this
would happen, but it's still embarrassing!"

Indeed, she had known this would be the outcome and it was for
confirmation. Still, her inability to do it properly was quite
embarrassing.

"Alright, next, let's try Mana Blaster."

"I don't dislike that detached approach of yours… Then. Mana Blaster."

Mana generated from Void Generator flowed through the transmission
circuits to her fingertips. She let it accumulate until it was
sufficient, and then, following the usual procedure... released it.

With a *whoosh*, oscillations in the air, a torrent of energy surged
forth, mowing down trees.

Many trees.

"...Ellie?"

"Ah, ahahaha... I-I guess the output control isn't quite working
either?"

She had intended to suppress it more, but for some reason, the output
had become higher than she expected.

"Hmm... output control is probably also related to the information
processing circuit, so it can't be helped, I suppose... Oh, and then
there's the barrier."

"Ah, that's right. ...For now, I've put up an anti-physical barrier."

"Mm, then…” When she generated a barrier without incantation, Letty
lightly tried to tap it with her hand, and it was blocked.

“Oh, this is fine, I think?" When she knocked on it, the resistance felt
sufficient.

"As for magic defense, we can't check that without cooperation from
Georg or someone else, so maybe next time. At least, as long as we're
aware of it and adjust our movements, it seems like there won't be a
problem."

After confirming various things, Letty nodded, seemingly satisfied.
Ellie then spoke up in a sulky tone, "...So why are you so calm about
this?"

"Huh?” Letty looked back at her, puzzled. “Because... it's just about
figuring out how to adapt together, isn't it?"

"......Letty-san. I need to talk to you when we get back to the inn."

Letty watched Ellie, who was enduring and suppressing various emotions,
with a puzzled expression.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

What happened can't be undone. So, it's time to think about what's next.

Starting with understanding what occurred.

Up next: Confirmation and Countermeasures

Often, things just work out.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_025.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_027.md)

