[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_049.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_051.md)



## Chapter 74: What Was Poured into That Brush

"Okay, first, let's have you two sitting side-by-side."

Serge brought over two chairs. He placed them next to each other, had
Letty sit on his left and Ellie on his right, and then lightly adjusted
their positions and poses.

After stepping back a bit to check, he nodded slightly. "Hmm, I think
this looks good. Please hold that pose for a while."

Serge went to his easel and picked up a piece of charcoal.

Of course, he couldn't start another oil painting while two were already
in progress, so it would just be sketches. Still, Ellie's joy when he
suggested it was as expected, or even more so. On the other hand,
Letty's bewilderment was unexpected.

Even when sitting as a model like this, her expression suggested she was
less relaxed than normal. In fact, Ellie, despite being less accustomed
to modeling, had a more natural expression. ...No, her joy was perhaps
just a bit too radiant.

"Alright, how about this? How do you both like it?"

His hand stopped, and he flipped the drawing board around to show them.
Depicted on it was Letty, whose composed face was a little stiff, and
Ellie, beaming with a full smile. Even with their contrasting
expressions and impressions, the two still looked well-suited sitting
side-by-side.

"Ugh... mm, I suppose this is what I expected... I think it's good. What
do you think, Ellie? ...Ellie?"

When she laid eyes on it, Letty became unusually and visibly flustered.
Still, she dutifully gave her impression before turning to Ellie, who
had unexpectedly remained silent.

"...Is she unconscious?" Seeing Ellie standing rigid with wide eyes,
Letty murmured. Wondering why she even had such a function, she gently
shook her shoulder.

"Huh?!” After being shaken for a while, Ellie finally recovered and
hastily bowed her head. “I-I'm sorry, my consciousness went to heaven
from the sheer impact!" Then, she looked at the sketch again, her
expression one of ecstasy.

...How long did she stay like that? With a fulfilled smile, she gently
took a leather pouch from her pocket. "So, how much would you like for
this?"

"No, no, something like this isn’t a big deal. You both modeled for me,
so consider it payment for your time." Serge responded hastily while
waving his hand lightly.

Retaining the same smile, Ellie smoothly, very naturally, prostrated
herself again.

It took Serge and Letty quite an effort to get her back on her feet.

"Alright, then, I'll draw you in whatever poses you like after this.
Since we have the time."

"Whatever poses we like!? Eh, ah, what should we do, Letty-san!"

"Well, don't ask me... You can do whatever you want, Ellie, er.."

Letty had gotten strangely nervous just sitting next to her, so she
couldn't think of any other poses. So, she just left it entirely to
Ellie. ...As expected, Ellie's face lit up.

"Are you sure? You said it, so no denying it now, okay!?"

"U-um, yes, you can do whatever you like, Ellie..."

She would regret saying that just a few minutes later.

From then on, Ellie seemed to have forgotten the meaning of restraint.

\*

"First, like this, holding hands, to show we're good friends!"

\*

"Like this, you know, with me hugging Letty-san from behind..."

"Ellie, wait... that tickles..."

\*

"N-no, we definitely need a classic one like this, hugging face-to-face,
right!?"

"What makes this a classic? Why do we need to stare into each other's
eyes from the front..."

\*

Under the pretext of being models and posing, Ellie did pretty much
whatever she pleased. As Letty went along with her whims, her expression
gradually softened back to her usual self... no, it became even softer.

*This is worth capturing*, Serge thought as his brush flowed. Well, it
was charcoal, but still.

*Truly. These two have a radiance unique to them. Surely, capturing it
like this has meaning.* With that in mind, he continued to draw as Ellie
requested.

And into that drawing, he poured.

With them shining brightly before him.

His gratitude for being able to discover his raison d'être.

\*\*\*

"Alright, it's getting late. Should we end it here for today?"

The playful, yet fulfilling, time passed in a flash. As the sun began to
set, Serge announced the end.

With all the sketches done, a sparkling Ellie was left dissatisfied,
while an exhausted Letty nodded, thinking, *Finally*. They each tidied
up in their own ways.

"Well then, I look forward to tomorrow as well."

"Yes, I look forward to it too!"

"Mm, me too... please..."

They each exchanged their respective remarks and parted ways as usual.

*...How long will these days continue like this?* Serge murmured to
himself.

\*\*\*

The next day—

"Alright, now I'll start painting properly. Egret-san, there's no need
to be nervous; just be as you usually are. Ellie-san, I've taught you
most of what you need to know about using paints, the rest you'll have
to grasp yourself. Try painting while observing my movements."

Serge, having prepared and greeted the two, gave his instructions.
Having some understanding already, they moved briskly according to his
directions. Soon, everything was ready for painting.

"Ah, Egret-san, angle your body just a little more to the left... Yes,
that's it. Just like that. Alright... I'll begin. Thank you." Declaring
that, Serge took up his brush.

...Ellie remembered the time that followed with peculiar clarity. The
brush, moved with intent, laid color onto the canvas. At times delicate,
at times bold, at times powerful. It danced, it touched upon something
fragile, it murmured, it conversed.

Serge, the painter, approached the canvas in various ways, striving to
create a masterpiece. His manner was, in itself, poetic, dynamic, and
moving. Ellie knew she should be moving her own hands, yet she couldn't
tear her eyes away from Serge as he worked.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

At first, it was a narrow, white world.

Light streamed into it, colors were born, and shapes took form.

It was akin to the beginning of the world.

Up Next: And the World Revealed There

Even if false, even if fabricated, it certainly exists there.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_049.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_051.md)

