[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_075.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_077.md)



## Chapter 100: The Sales Pitch

Upon that realization, Letty decided that talking back was pointless.
They ended up returning to the carriage first.

When they arrived, a tearful merchant came out to greet them.

"Thank you, thank you so much! You've truly saved me. If this cargo had
been stolen, I, I..." The circumstances must have been dire, as he was
choking up and weeping openly.

*This feels good*, Letty thought to herself. She was surprised by her
own reaction. It made her feel a little strange, but she didn't dislike
it.

"Oh, it's nothing. We were just passing by, and... I think it's because
we managed to take them by surprise."

Even for Letty, it would have been a tough fight to take on 20 men
alone. With Ellie’s support, it wasn’t a big deal, but the merchant
seemed to have taken her words as an act of humility.

"No, no, what are you saying? You did it with such skill... To witness
something so moving!"

"Please, you're exaggerating..." Letty wondered if it was okay to accept
this praise. She felt flustered as she thought about it.

"Emotional or not, it was certainly a masterful performance, and you
saved us. The magic from the other young lady was amazing, too." Even
the guards who had been saved gave sincere praise.

Ellie responded cheerfully, "Me? Thank you ♪"

"And you, ma'am,” the merchant turned toward Dominique. “I couldn't
understand what was happening at all!"

"Haha, you're quite the smooth talker. Flattery won't get you anywhere,
you know." Dominique, too, responded in high spirits to the sincere
compliments.

Letty considered whether she should respond in the same way, but she
sighed lightly, feeling that she was still far from being able to do so.

"By the way. I have a request for you three powerful people... just
something to take under consideration. Would you be willing to escort
us? Not necessarily all the way, just to the next city. Of course, I'll
pay you for it."

He smiled affably, though clearly a little anxious. Letty and Ellie
exchanged glances.

"You're heading that way, right? If so, we're going in the same
direction, so that works for us... but what about you, Dominique?"

"What are you saying? If you're heading that way, I'm coming with you.
After all, I’m trying to sell myself to you." Dominique said it
jokingly, but she had already put her arm around Letty's shoulder.

"So you were serious about that, after all..." Letty let out another
sigh. Even though she was no longer as tense as she had been earlier,
she hadn't let her guard down, but Dominique had already closed the
distance. Being reminded that the other person was on a completely
different level in such a trivial way made her feel a little frustrated.

“Letty-san?” As she was sorting out her complicated feelings, Ellie
spoke up, "What does she mean by 'sell' herself?"

An atypically frigid tone.

Letty flinched and cautiously turned to face her. "No, well, she's just
giving me a sales pitch..."

"What?” Ellie inched closer. “Then why don't you just refuse?” And
closer... “Or is there a reason you can't?"

Letty flinched and took a step back in response. "Wait, Ellie, wait.
You've got the wrong idea, wait..." *I haven’t done anything wrong, why
is this happening to me?* She felt a sense of injustice.

Dominique, who had been watching their interaction with a grin, cut in,
"Are you jealous, little miss? Don't worry, I'm the one selling." As she
said ‘I'm the one,’ she patted her own arm.

“Your arm?” Ellie tilted her head, confused by the gesture. "...Ah, your
sword skills? But we don't need bodyguards or anything like that."

"Oh, not that. I was thinking of teaching her my sword style. This girl
is quite indecisive, so I decided to push a little. You saw my skills,
didn't you, little miss? I was quite impressive, if I do say so myself."
She seemed to have figured out the power dynamic, and had switched the
target of her sales pitch to Ellie.

"W-well, that may be true..." It was true that even from a distance, her
skills looked impressive. Ellie glanced at Letty for her opinion.

Letty opened her mouth hesitantly, "Certainly, she’s quite skilled.
But... I don't know why, but I can't shake the feeling that she's a
little shady..."

And Ellie responded in kind, "I feel the same."

"Hey, what's with you two? You're saying quite a lot right right in
front of me. Well, that's fine. It's important to get to know each
other. How about it? Let me join you on your journey to the next city.
It's a way for us to earn some extra money. There’s no harm in it,
right?"

Letty felt herself once again threatened to be swept away, but she
managed to stand her ground. The two exchanged glances and nodded.
"Okay, to the next city. For now."

"Then it's settled! I'll win you over by then.” Dominique turned her
fearless grin to the merchant who had been waiting nearby. “Now, mister,
the three of us will accompany you to the next city."

Her cheerfulness and skillful way of already treating the three of them
as a team… *We’ll definitely be swept along.* Letty was certain that
they would be completely won over sooner rather than later.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Humans are said to be able to hold only a limited number of things.

This is especially true of the physical body.

But if one can push back even a little…

Up Next: Making Up for What’s Missing

As the saying goes, "There’s value in having predecessors."

<br/>

※I've started a spin-off!

*Once an Assassin, Now I’m Enjoying My Second Life as a Maid for a
Duke’s Family and I’ve Become Strangely Attached to the Young Lady*

The link should be below!

This spin-off features Rita from Arc 1 as the protagonist.

Please come and see Rita as a maid in the duke's household!

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: Here’s the link to the spin-off:
<https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0362fh/>

Not many chapters, and not updated since 2020, so probably dropped…Which
is a little awkward since it’s advertised at the end of every chapter
for quite a while. I’m only including it here though.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_075.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_077.md)

