[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_052.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_054.md)



## Chapter 77: Under the Scrutiny of Time

"What are you doing sleeping here? Still the same as ever, I see!"

*Whack!*

*Thud!*

Two sudden impacts.

"Woah! Wha-what, what was that!?"

Serge, who had tumbled to the floor as a result, hastily sat up and
looked around in confusion. As his eyes landed on Matilda's cheerfully
laughing face, his shoulders slumped.

"Matilda, if you're going to wake me, couldn't you have found a
different way?"

"What are you talking about? It's your fault for sleeping past noon on
that couch, isn't it? Weren't you supposed to draw me today?"

She pointed to the window, where he saw that it was already bright. "Ah,
whoops," he muttered, scratching his head vigorously.

Last night, he had spent all his time gazing at the painting. The
unfinished piece, floating in the dim lamplight, looked strangely
ethereal. He had indulged in the luxurious act of pulling out one
concept after another from his mind, only to discard them into the void.
It seemed he had lost consciousness during that period.

"Ah... sorry, yesterday, I really got into it..."

"I can tell, not even bothering to tidy up. Well, some things never
change with you, do they?"

With an exasperated sigh, she roughly put away things he probably
wouldn't need today. As expected of someone he had lived with for years,
her hands knew exactly what to do with what.

"By the way, Matilda. While I'm at it, there's one more thing I need to
apologize for."

"Hm? What is it? So formal all of a sudden."

He had been acting unusually lately, but such a contrite attitude was
truly rare.

"Well, actually... in a little while, my model and apprentice will be
coming."

"Huh?? Wh, why would the model be here? And when did you get an
apprentice?"

"...Sorry, I accidentally let it slip that I was drawing you, and they
said they wanted to observe. Besides, I think they were planning to come
anyway to practice..."

He scratched his head, a habit he had when trying to gloss over
something inconvenient. Matilda stared at him with a deadpan, fixed
gaze. He looked uncomfortable, but she didn't care.

"Oh? So you're telling me, with such pretty young ladies around, this
old hag has to sit here with a prim face?"

"I-it's fine! It'll be no problem!"

"It’s a *big* problem! That's not helping at all!"

*Whack!*

And so, for the second time today, a loud sound echoed particularly
strongly.

\*\*\*

"Um... hello there."

"H-hello! We're always in Master’s care!"

Matilda fell silent before the two who soon arrived at the studio. She
stared at them for a while. Then, she beckoned Serge over.

"Hm? What is it?"

"‘What is it’, you blockhead! Your apprentice is also such a young lady,
what exactly are you trying to pull!?"

And once again, a loud sound echoed.

"I'm sorry, you two are just too beautiful. I'm Matilda, as you've
probably heard... this blockhead's ex-wife."

After giving Serge a good scolding, she introduced herself. The two
young women, who had been wide-eyed at the sudden marital comedy
routine—no, *former* marital comedy routine—managed to compose
themselves.

"I'm Egret... the model. Nice to meet you."

"Ah, I'm Ellie. I insisted on becoming Master's apprentice!"

Ellie, subtly covering for Serge, showed herself to be a capable girl.
Matilda noticed this, narrowed her eyes, and smiled. "Serge, honestly,
these girls are too good for you, aren't they?"

"That's entirely true, but... that being the case, I wish you'd be a
little gentler with me..." Serge grumbled, rubbing his back with teary
eyes.

\*\*\*

"Alright, Matilda, please sit here. Ellie-san, you can practice drawing
Egret-san over there. ...Matilda might get nervous if you just observe
directly."

Giving instructions as usual, he also set up his own easel. Today, it
was still paper on a drawing board, not canvas.

"Oh, is it practice today?"

"Yes, it's been a while, so I want to get back into the swing of
things."

Saying that, he sat down in the chair and picked up his charcoal. Before
he could even say "front-facing," Matilda turned to face him. He gazed
intently, and she gazed back.

*...Is she a little nervous, after all? It’s rare to see her like
that... and it’s a little cute*.

As he let out a soft chuckle, she gave him a slightly annoyed look,
saying "What?" He shook his head slightly, saying "No, no," to which she
shrugged her shoulders with an exasperated sigh.

Before he knew it, Matilda was wearing her usual smile.

"Alright, then, here we go."

With that, the charcoal danced.

...Certainly, the marks of time were evident. On her hair, her skin,
around her eyes, at the corners of her mouth. Etched there,
relentlessly. To be honest, she was probably a bit weary too.

Yet, the woman reflected in his eyes was by no means shabby.

Alive.

Such a word came to mind. Surely, her simply being alive was meaningful.
Even if only because his brush moved so.

He was glad she had asked him to draw her. With the slight distance
between them now, they could maintain a good relationship. It would make
a good drawing.

With that conviction, he let the charcoal dance, following his heart's
desire. Was Matilda perhaps sensing what he was thinking? She showed a
somewhat troubled, bashful smile.

\*\*\*

"Letty-san, did you see that just now?"

"...Um, I did see it, but... it was kind of a strange exchange, wasn't
it?"

"That's what they call understanding each other with just a look. I wish
we could be like that too."

While pretending to practice on the side, two people were watching that
scene.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The brush moved as he willed, supported by the people around him.

Everything was seen, fulfilling and sparkling.

And for a moment, he forgot it.

Up Next: Fleeting Days of Brilliance

But that's precisely why it's precious.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_052.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_054.md)

