[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_072.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_074.md)



## Chapter 97: Setting Off on a New Journey

—A few days later.

"Are you really leaving? Couldn't you just stay here?"

After wrapping up all their business, Letty and Ellie dressed for travel
and went to Matilda's house to say their goodbyes. Even though she had
heard they were leaving, they were people she had come to care about,
and she was reluctant to see them go. She was aware that she was saying
this because she was feeling a little sentimental.

"Yes, I'm sorry... but there's something we absolutely have to do."

"We're sorry, Matilda-san. We'll come back when we're done."

The sentimentality was mutual. Letty's words were more hesitant than
usual, and Ellie's were filled with an apologetic tone. They exchanged
wry smiles, as if they understood each other perfectly.

"Well, if you two are that set on it, I guess it can't be helped. I'll
make sure to look after the house, so you can go without worry."

"Yes, thank you. We'll leave it to you."

"Thank you very much. We're counting on you."

Perhaps it was her age that allowed her to be the first to show a more
resolute smile. Encouraged by that, the two of them bowed their heads in
unison.

"Yes, you can count on me. After all... I was given a generous payment.
Are you sure about this? I still think it's too much."

"Well, to be honest... some of it is a gesture of goodwill. But I also
feel like we're asking for something that is worth that much."

They had asked her to handle the general preservation of the house that
had once been Serge's studio, including cleaning. All the procedures had
been wrapped up, and the house was officially theirs. But since they
couldn't settle down there yet, they had decided to ask Matilda to look
after it.

"But still, a large gold coin a month, and three months' worth in
advance, seems a little excessive."

"It's a strong possibility we'll be away for that long. It might even
take longer..."

The journey to the royal capital of the Kingdom of Cordor was expected
to take about three weeks on foot one way. This time they would be
renting horses, but the journey would still take more than a week. The
round trip alone would be nearly a month, and it wouldn't be surprising
if their business in the capital took two months. Even though Matilda
had been told all this, she still sighed.

"Well, I understand, but still… Don't feel like you have to rush so you
don't overpay. Just take your time."

"Oh, if we're late coming back, we'll pay for the extra time after,
okay?"

"...I wonder if I should say you’re surprisingly firm at times like
this?"

She had hoped that if they took their time, she could also preserve the
house out of goodwill. But her hope was easily dismissed. Their beaming,
guileless smiles seemed to say that they had seen through her.

"We want to be diligent about this kind of thing. And besides, it's an
important place for us, too. There’s no one else we could entrust its
protection to." Letty spoke with a straight face, with no trace of
embarrassment

Matilda couldn't say anything more and just shrugged. "Alright, I'll
take it then. Leave it to me. And you two, take care on your way!"

They were adventurers. With that in mind, it wasn't a given that they
would come back safely. That's why she wanted them to leave with as
little lingering regret as possible.

And so, Matilda sent them off with a smile.

\*\*\*

They rented horses they had reserved from the stable and led them toward
the West Gate. After completing the necessary procedures with the
guards, they led the horses with a steady pace. They moved slightly to
the side to avoid getting in the way of the people coming and going.
Then, they turned around and took in the city.

"I guess this is goodbye for a while."

"Yes... I'm feeling quite lonely and reluctant to leave."

"Me too..."

The vast lake that spread out beside the city. The cityscape and the
lake looked familiar, yet also unfamiliar from this new angle. The
people coming and going through the gate were as diverse and noisy as
ever.

Once again, they were going to another place. That in itself was a
normal, familiar thing for them. More than anything, it was something
they had to do.

But still. Too much had happened in the past month. They had gained much
and lost much. The pain, alongside *something else*, was clearly etched
in their hearts. Leaving this city caused a strange ache.

"This is no good. I'm starting to think maybe it's okay if we don't fix
it. Like, it won't affect my daily life if I don't."

"I understand how you feel. ...But, just in case. If something happened,
I would hate that."

It wouldn't affect her daily life. She had enough savings to get by
without having to be an adventurer for a while. But that was only for
now. She couldn't deny the possibility that something might happen
someday.

"So, let's fix you properly. Otherwise, I'll be worried."

"...Okay. If you say so, I can't argue anymore."

Ellie spoke while raising her hands lightly in surrender. Watching her
jest, Letty took her hands and looked into her eyes.

"Ellie, you need to take better care of yourself. If you don’t, I'll be
very unhappy."

She spoke. With a face that was worried, pouting, and… very close. Ellie
felt her cheeks heating up.

"O-okay, okay, I get it! I'll take good care of myself!" She could only
stammer out a hasty agreement.

Letty meanwhile nodded with satisfaction. "Yes, as long as you
understand."

"That's, that's what I'm talking about!” Faced with her relieved, gentle
smile, Ellie shouted. “You keep playing with my heart, you scoundrel!"

"...Fufu, it feels like it's been a long time since you said that."

Letty chuckled at her outburst.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The road to the royal capital of Cordor is busy and relatively peaceful.

That's what they had heard. But if you let your guard down, sometimes
things happen.

Even when you're prepared, sometimes things happen.

Up Next: Sometimes, These Things Happen

You have no choice but to deal with the flames that fall on you.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_072.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_074.md)

