[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_013.md)



## Chapter 37: The Fair Maiden, Renown Indomitable

Separated from Letty and the others, Ellie and her ten knight escorts
ran, veiled under the cloak of the Prince’s commotion.

Occasionally, men under the Chancellor spotted and rushed them, but a
few soldiers were no match for the seasoned knights, who cut them down
in an instant. Without significantly slowing their pace, they dashed
towards the back of the royal castle. Gradually, Ellie's senses began to
perceive the leaking mana.

She called out to the knights, "It's ahead... just a little further,
let's hurry!" To which they responded resolutely. They rounded the
corner and—

"Watch out!!"

The knights simultaneously raised their shields, standing in front of
Ellie. *Clang!* *Clang!* A continuous barrage of sharp, heavy sounds
echoed. Sounds she was very familiar with.

Arrows repeatedly struck the knights' shields. Around the corner, in an
open area, about 20 soldiers had gathered. Shortbows were clutched in
their hands, and with well-drilled movements, they unleashed a volley of
arrows at once.

Ellie quickly assessed the situation, her gaze sweeping across the
scene. She caught a glimpse of the knights still holding their ground.
Her gaze focused on the soldiers.

"Mana Bolt!!!!"

She unleashed a full-power volley of magical arrows. Arrows, glowing far
brighter than those used by ordinary mages, momentarily spread out like
a net before violently assaulting the soldiers, piercing through their
armor and obliterating their upper bodies.

The few who escaped her aim stopped drawing their bows, stunned by the
sheer spectacle. Then, further destruction ensued as more magical arrows
assailed them.

It couldn't have been even 20 seconds.

The knights, who had been serving as a wall, cautiously turned around,
startled by the overwhelming firepower Ellie had unleashed in an
instant. No matter how accustomed to battle they were, the sight was too
shocking.

"Um... Ellie-chan... no, Ellie-san, ah, Ellie-dono? Wh-what was that
just now...?"

"Huh? Wasn’t that just Mana Bolt?"

"No, it wasn't *just* a Mana Bolt! No matter how you look at it! Who
*are* you, really?!"

They had heard she could deflect the second-in-command mage commander's
offensive magic. They had heard she could cast powerful barriers.

...They had certainly *not* heard anything about her possessing
overwhelming offensive firepower.

If only they had taken a moment to think about it. If she could cast
powerful barriers, she must possess significant mana, so it made sense
that her offensive magic would also be strong. Nevertheless, the scene
was just too at odds with her demure appearance.

"Come on, come on, don't just stand there blankly, let's go? We should
be almost there!"

"YES, MA’AM!!"

...Despite feeling puzzled by their sudden change in attitude, Ellie
followed behind the knights who had started running again. She was
satisfied to have managed to pass it off as a simple Mana Bolt.

There were other soldiers who attacked them along the way, but the
knights cut them down; if there were too many, they would block, and,
utilizing Ellie’s firepower, would have her finish them off.

This kind of coordination and adaptability was truly befitting Georg's
subordinates. They ran and ran, their momentum unbroken.

It happened just before reaching the plaza where the entrance to the
*Garden of the Thunder Emperor* was located. As they were about to turn
the final corner, the now-wary knights halted, signaling Ellie to stop
as well.

A knight cautiously peered around the corner and turned back with a look
of exasperation. "I didn't expect this many... About 50 of them...
They're desperate, aren't they?"

Ellie heard this and subtly took out a hand mirror to check beyond the
corner. Indeed, a considerable number of soldiers were waiting, armed
with bows and spears.

"...Ellie-chan, no, Ellie-dono, it seems you're quite adept at this sort
of thing."

"This much is just a maiden's hobby, you know. That aside, what should
we do...?"

*Can they withstand more than twice the amount of arrows we’ve taken so
far?* She looked back at the knights. Their shields, though sturdier
than average, contained cracks from receiving several arrows, making
their integrity uncertain.

"Do you think the shields will hold?"

"Honestly, I think it'll be tough. ...Well, with this armor, we can at
least keep the arrows from reaching you."

She couldn't help but grumble, "Why are knights always like this..."
when they implicitly told her, in an unyielding tone, that they would
act as shields with their armor and bodies.

It meant that, despite their playful demeanor, they were serious. If so,
she couldn't possibly let such brave men die pointlessly.

"There's another way. I'll throw up a physical barrier and charge in.
I'll also use Mana Bolt to create a diversion, so you all can run in
afterwards."

"No, that's... Ah, but... Is that barrier really that tough?"

"Actually, don’t you know I can even stop a siege crossbow?"

"Alright, I understand. I'm sorry, but we'll leave it to you."

It wasn't about being overly confident. Her casual, matter-of-fact
demeanor made him put his knight's pride aside. They couldn't afford to
fail here out of stubbornness.

"Then," Ellie said, pretending to chant. Even the magic-less knights
could feel something vibrating in the air.

"...With this, can we withstand one volley?"

"I think it'll probably be fine!"

"Good, then, I'm sorry, but please just bear it once. We'll charge in at
that moment."

They stared intently at Ellie, who replied, "Yes, understood♪" with a
nonchalant casualness despite offering herself as bait.

Then, the knights nodded to each other. They absolutely would not let
this young lady die. That was what their eyes conveyed.

"Alright, then on the count of three, we go.” After confirming the
knights' will, she counted down. “Three, two, one!"

When she finished, she suddenly exposed herself beyond the corner.

Immediately, arrows rained down. Arrows, arrows, arrows. For a moment,
she even felt as if her vision was filled with arrows.

And then—Ellie's physical barrier, as expected, absorbed all of them.
Simultaneously, she scanned, taking aim.

"Mana Bolt!!!"

Mana exploded outwards in a gush of light. Streaks of light, a torrent,
assailed the men and blasted them away.

"Huh?" The remaining soldiers stood dumbfounded.

The moment the light subsided, the knights all charged out at once. The
soldiers were deprived of the will to resist with their numbers reduced
by nearly half, and most importantly... due to having witnessed the
gruesome end of their comrades.

The knights continued their assault as Ellie unleashed a second volley
of Mana Bolt. Shortly thereafter, the area was secured.

\*\*\*

"Alright, all clear. Now, finally... I guess we have no choice but to
leave it to Ellie-dono."

"Yes, thank you for getting me this far. You can leave the rest to me.
...So, please, don't try to stay unnecessarily, everyone, alright? If
you think it's dangerous, run immediately! After all, not many people
can invade where I'm going anyway."

"Yes, we'll pull out at an appropriate time. Don't worry about us; just
do what you need to do. We're counting on you."

"Yes, well then, I'm off!" So saying, Ellie opened the entrance, briefly
flinching at the gush of sheer density of mana. With a cheerful smile,
she dashed inside.

"Well now. 'At an appropriate time' means we get to decide what's
appropriate. ...Yeah, you guys are all thinking the same thing, aren't
you?"

"Of course we are. After all she's done, and all she's put herself
through. There's no one here who'd just leave her, right?"

"That's right."

They looked at each other, grinning.

"Alright then, let's brace ourselves and stick it out, shall we?!"

Footsteps approaching could be heard. They picked up the scattered bows
and arrows, half of them taking aim, the other half raising their
shields.

The knight let out a fierce roar, "Come on! You bastards, you're not
getting through here!!!"

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Countless requests received. As many requests fulfilled.

A woman with a 100% completion rate for her requests reveals a glimpse
of her true power.

Up next: The 100 Mithril Silver Coin Woman

Of course, she is no cheap woman.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_011.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_013.md)

