[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_063.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_065.md)



## Chapter 88: The Truths Pulled From Falsehood

After the conversation with Matilda and the others came to a close and
they parted ways, Letty and Ellie returned to their inn, quickly
changed, and began their investigation. As before, Ellie conducted
interviews, but perhaps because it was the middle of the night, they
couldn't get any solid leads, like eyewitness accounts of someone
heading to Serge's studio.

So, they decided to sneak into the room Mardani used as his office, but
there was no one there. The room contained only a bare minimum of items,
with faint signs of a planned move. Inquiries in the neighborhood only
revealed that he had left in the evening, and no one had seen him
return.

"As expected, it's not going to be that easy…"

"Right. I don't know how cautious he was, but it seems he made sure to
leave no traces."

They figured their previous inquiries in Azar had gone too smoothly.
However, having so few clues made them feel quite depressed. They sat
across from each other on the open terrace of a café they visited for a
break, sighing softly.

It was past noon, approaching evening. The autumn day was hurrying
towards its end, casting long shadows, and a cool breeze brought a
slight sense of urgency. The orange juice they'd ordered, acting as a
table fee, was left mostly untouched.

"Investigating just by 'seen' or 'unseen' is very hit or miss..."

"Even knowing that, it’s hard to come at this from any other angle."

They couldn't come up with any good ideas. The very simplicity of the
situation was working against them. As they pondered what to do, they
idly watched the street.

Soon, as dusk approached, merchants hurried their carriages to make it
through the gates before closing. Travelers arriving from outside looked
around for an inn or perhaps a tavern.

*Maybe they saw something? No, not if they didn't know his face to begin
with...* As she thought about this, suddenly—

"...That's right. The gatekeepers would be checking who goes in and out,
wouldn't they? If someone left in the middle of the night for an
emergency or something..."

"That's true, the gatekeepers should be stationed there at night in
shifts!"

"Then... from here, west is almost impossible, north and south aren't
impossible, but... the most likely is east, where the royal capital is,
right?"

*That might be it*, Ellie nodded in response to Letty's deduction. She
quickly gulped down her nearly untouched juice. As if time was of the
essence, they both stood up.

\*\*\*

"Oh, the lads who were on duty that night are off today. Most likely,
they're probably heading to the tavern by now."

Ellie's leading questions—or rather, small talk—made the gatekeeper
loosen his tongue. She then roughly ascertained the men's names and
appearances. When Ellie smiled and bowed her head, he waved back,
looking utterly smitten.

Watching this, Letty was at a loss for whether to be exasperated or
impressed. In any case, Ellie returned with a triumphant look, as if
saying, "How was that!", so Letty patted her head and said, "Well done."

...The way she immediately shrunk back in embarrassment was both amusing
and endearing.

Chuckling softly, Letty found herself patting Ellie's head repeatedly
before she knew it. Despite her hair now being tousled, Ellie didn't
mind at all and looked completely content.

By the time they reached the tavern they'd been told about, dusk had
fallen, and the timing seemed right. Weaving through the happy drunks,
they searched for their targets and soon found three men who fit the
description.

The table where the three sat was laden with so much food one wondered
if they could eat it all, and they seemed to be ordering drinks at a
rapid pace. ...For gatekeepers, who didn't earn much, they seemed
surprisingly well-off.

A hypothesis suddenly flashed through Letty's mind, causing her to pause
for a moment and mutter something softly to herself.

Then, she approached the men and spoke. "Good evening. I apologize for
interrupting your good mood, but may I have a moment?"

"Huh? What do you want, ladies, with your gloomy faces in a place like
this?" One of the red-faced men, who had probably had quite a bit to
drink, responded cheerfully.

Letty, aware of her "gloomy face," scratched her cheek in embarrassment.
"There's something I'd like to ask. You're gatekeepers at the East Gate,
aren't you?"

"Yeah, that's right, what about it?" He replied without any tension.

Letty slowly studied each of the men's faces, as if committing them to
memory, before speaking. "The night before the last, late at night...
Was there anything unusual?"

She emphasized the words, clearly stating the date and time, and the
men's expressions changed. They suddenly clammed up, exchanging glances
as if conferring.

After a moment, the oldest-looking man spoke, "No, it was just like any
other day." His words and expression were perfectly calm, but Letty's
eyes narrowed.

"So, no one passed through in a rush late at night?" Letty's flat tone
implied no suspicion.

"Ah, of course not." The man replied easily, appearing composed.

Letty then followed through with some seemingly nonsense questions:

"Does that mean the art dealer Mardani didn't pass through either?"

"Of course he didn't pass through."

"Did you hear anything like that he was heading to the royal capital?"

"Of course not, why would we hear something like that?"

"I see." Letty took a breath, her eyes still narrowed. Suddenly, the
coldness in her eyes intensified.

"...Did you gentlemen perhaps receive a bribe from Mardani?"

"H-hey, there's no way!"

"...You're right, I spoke out of turn, I apologize. We've bothered you."

She tossed a silver coin towards the slightly irate man. He caught it in
the air, and immediately his mood brightened.

"Oh, what's this, you're generous, missy. How about you join—"

"Let's go, Ellie. We're done here."

Ignoring the man's invitation, they quickly left the tavern. Ellie
hastily followed after her.

"W-wait, Letty-san, why did you stop halfway?"

"It's alright, I got what I wanted to know. ...His answers were all
lies. So, someone did pass through late at night, and Mardani did too. I
don't know if it was at that time, but they also heard he was heading to
the royal capital. It seems they got money from Mardani and let him
through secretly."

Ellie blinked rapidly as Letty ticked the points off on her fingers.

"Eh, oh, *lie detection*!?"

"Yes. They seemed unusually well-off, so I thought they might have had
an unexpected windfall. I could have pressured them more, but it would
have wasted time."

"I see, that's why you asked such specific questions..."

Letty's smile, as she said "That's right," was a little triumphant.

"...Letty-san, can I pat your head a little?"

"...I feel like that's a strange thing to ask…” Letty gave her an
exasperated look as Ellie fidgeted with her hands, as if suppressing
some urge.

But the lightness of the atmosphere dissipated when Letty followed up
with a serious expression. “More importantly, let's go back to the inn
and prepare. If he left by carriage the night before last night, it
wouldn't be strange for him to be in the royal capital by now."

Ellie returned her focus to their investigation. "By the way, is there
anywhere we can quickly rent a horse now?"

"Ah, about that... I was thinking of *leaping* there."

"...I thought of that too but… will it be okay?”

"...Probably?"

Among the current options, it was undoubtedly the fastest. But Letty had
only tried it that one time.

...Ellie steeled herself for whatever lay ahead.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Upon their arrival in the royal capital, they begin to gather
information about the art dealer.

Mountains of bad rumors and unspeakable insults.

This man was as expected, and more.

Up Next: One Man’s Rumors

His countless accumulated vices.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_063.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_065.md)

