[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_001.md)



## Chapter 26: The Border Town of Azar

TN: I’m picking up where Femme Fables left off, 4 chapters deep into the
second arc. You can read chapters 1-25 on their site here:
<https://femmefables.wordpress.com/does-the-assassin-girl-dream-of-the-mana-doll/>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The border town of Azar.

As its name suggested, it was a town within a county ruled by the Count
of Azar and currently served as a checkpoint at the national border.
Consequently, despite its size, the town possessed a large number of
soldiers. Despite the bustle, an ominous tension hung in the air. Entry
and exit were being more strictly monitored than in Wals, and the
gatekeepers' faces were stern.

"State the purpose of your visit."

"A delivery to the Adventurers' Guild. This is the package. And here’s
my identification."

"Here’s mine too."

After a quick inspection of their belongings, the soldier allowed them
to enter. Before arriving, they had prepared a dummy package, though it
was likely that the largest contributing factor was their guild cards.
They took their package, bowed lightly, and stepped inside.

"...It was a good thing I got a card too, wasn't it?"

"Yes... We’ll need to thank Old Bob."

They conversed like this once a safe distance away. As the main street
was crowded with soldiers and merchants’ carts, they were walking along
the edge so as to not be in the way.

"Doesn’t it seem like there are a lot of people with harsh or tired
looks on their faces?"

"...Now that you mention it, I guess? I heard things had settled down a
bit since the war ended two years ago though..."

Despite that, the atmosphere of the people passing by was rather bleak,
causing the two to tilt their heads in confusion.

After walking for a while and turning a corner, they entered a back
alley where a small, pub-like establishment could be found a short
distance in. Slowly pushing open the well-worn door, they entered to
find several adventurers lounging about inside. They casually ignored
the impolite stares and proceeded to the counter before calling out to
the receptionist.

"Is Thomas here? I've come to deliver a *letter*."

"...! ...Y-yes, he is, please wait a moment." The receptionist girl,
flustered, hurried to the back.

The adventurers' gazes intensified, wondering what was happening, but
Letty and Ellie remained unperturbed. In less than a minute, the girl
returned from the back.

"The Guild Master is calling for you. Please come to the reception room
in the back."

"Thank you."

They were led to the back as if it were the most natural thing in the
world. Observing this, the veteran adventurers, seemingly understanding
something, quickly averted their eyes or gestured to younger adventurers
to forget what they saw. After the two were led away, a strange silence
settled in the room.

\*\*\*

"Ghost, it’s been a while!"

"Long time no see, Thomas."

The two were greeted by a large man in his early thirties who looked
very much like a former adventurer. Normally, he was the picture of
boisterousness, but his expression was clouded, his eyes lacked their
usual sparkle, and he exuded an air of weariness.

Despite this, he immediately took notice of Ellie, who was standing
behind Letty.

"If you're bringing her into the back, does that mean this young miss is
also involved?"

"Yes... You could say that."

"What's that supposed to mean? ...We haven't had regular contact from
the guild lately. Is this related?"

"Well... that’s what I've come to explain."

Understanding it was going to be a long conversation, Thomas brought
them over to the sofa and sat opposite them. As he listened to Letty's
story, his brow furrowed deeper and deeper. Incidentally, Ellie was
passed off as a mage who had lent a hand.

"In short, Hans, that bastard, did something stupid... And Greg was too
soft..." Thomas grumbled, leaning back into the sofa and looking up at
the ceiling. He closed his eyes for a while, lost in thought. Then,
after a moment, he sat up and leaned towards Letty.

"Hey, Ghost, that means you're not on an official request right now,
right?"

"Eh? Well, no, but..."

"Then please, take on a request from me!" Thomas pleaded in a desperate
voice, bowing his head.

Letty blinked in surprise, then exchanged a look with Ellie before
returning her gaze to Thomas.

"What's the matter all of a sudden?"

"Ah, my apologies, it's just… this is something I can only ask of you.
...What did you think of the town?"

"...It seemed a bit unsettled."

"The main street’s still alright, but if you head to any farming
villages farther out, or closer downtown, it’s real bad." With that,
Thomas went on to recount the current situation in the town.

The Count of Azar's tax collection had intensified over the course of
several months. In particular, the collection of food staples like wheat
and potatoes had become so severe that it was rumored some parts of the
farming villages would starve to death come next winter.

If it were just that, it would be nothing more than a common act of a
tyrannical noble.

"I could still understand if he was stockpiling for a war. But the food
he's collected just isn't anywhere to be found. I thought he might have
sold it somewhere, but the distribution volume to the north, east, and
south hasn't changed. ...So, where’s the collected food going, and to
whom?"

"...No way. To the west...?"

*Food flowing to the west from a town bordering the Kingdom of
Valandia…* As the implications dawned on her, Letty couldn’t help but
frown.

"Most likely, that's what's happening. But I can't get any further
evidence, and frankly, it's not my job, but... Last month, an inspector
from the kingdom came, but it seems he was bribed with a large sum of
money and misled. In that case, we can't expect the people who should
stop this to do so…"

He broke off, then his gaze darted restlessly from ceiling to floor, as
if searching for the right thing to say, while fiddling with his clasped
fingers mindlessly and irritably.

After some hesitation, he finally spoke. "If this ends here, it's just
the typical scene of commoners being exploited by nobles. ...But I doubt
it."

"...In the worst case scenario, he might be inviting Valandia in...
Supplying food, and perhaps money... as a ransom for himself and the
town."

"No way, the Count of Azar isn’t that kind of person. The jerk’s gotta
be doing this just to save his own skin! If that happens, this town...
what’ll be in store for it..?"

It was something occasionally seen throughout history. The invading side
orchestrates schemes against the opposing country. Or, some nobles of a
disadvantaged country sell out their nation for their own
self-preservation. It was unclear which the Count of Azar was, but from
a third party's perspective, the outcome was all the same.

"I thought I should just run away... but my wife just gave birth... Her
health at the moment isn't good, and I don't think she could endure
fleeing with a child."

"...So, you mean, while there's still time?"

"Yes, exactly... to investigate and find evidence, and if he's truly in
the wrong, then..."

Letty narrowed her eyes slightly as he trailed off, his way of speaking
reminiscent of Greg’s. It felt strange to be reminded of his presence,
even though by this time he had long been dead.

Nevertheless…

"Thomas. The going rate for killing a count is at least 10 mithril
silver coins. And with an investigation on top of that, it would be 20.
...Can you pay that?" She spoke with a calm and detached demeanor.

"Ugh... Well, yes, I certainly don’t have that much, but... no, but
we're comrades, aren't we?! I'll give whatever I can!" Thomas choked on
his words.

He tried to force the issue, raising his voice, but she quietly shook
her head in response.

"Precisely because we're comrades... We can kill because we're hired for
money, and we treat it as a job. If we started killing based on
emotion... we wouldn't be able to stop ourselves."

"I... I know that... I know, but..."

It was, after all, a filthy, blood-stained profession. Precisely for
that reason, if one didn't draw the line somewhere, it was all too easy
to fall endlessly. Especially for someone like Letty. She had recently
become strangely conscious of this.

Thomas was shocked by Letty's words and thought for a while, before
finally slumping his head in despair.

This must have been what was troubling him; he seemed to have grown even
more weary. He understood that they were heading toward something
fatally irreversible, like being slowly choked by a silk thread. He was
surely clinging to any chance to reverse the fate of the town.

But he, too, knew that he was asking too much. In this situation, there
was hardly any guild support. And amidst all this, he was asking them to
send an Count to his death for a paltry sum.

"...I'm sorry, I knew... forget it..."

"...Alright. By the way, Thomas. I haven’t finished my story yet." As
she spoke, Letty glanced at Ellie.

With her eyes on her, Ellie hesitated for a moment before immediately
breaking into a full, radiant smile and rummaging through her satchel.

"...Story? Is there something more?"

"Yes, the most important part," Letty nodded.

A leather pouch was placed down with a thud. Thomas' eyes widened in
surprise, speechless at the suddenness of the situation.

"...Distribution money due to the guild's dissolution. This is Greg's
instruction. There should be 50 mithril silver coins, so please
confirm."

"...Huh?"

He revealed a dazed, foolish face at the sudden turn of events. He
reached out with trembling hands and confirmed the contents of the bag;
indeed, mithril silver coins were inside. ...At least, certainly more
than 20.

"How you use that is up to you. ...What will you do?"

Thomas, with a stunned look, slowly turned to Letty. He looked at
Ellie's smiling face beside her. He looked at the contents of the bag in
his hand. ...Finally, her intention registered in his mind.

Thomas cried out loudly, unashamedly, in front of everyone. It was a
poignant cry, like a lament from his soul.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

People speak of what they see and hear.

Their words become light, dismissing it as nothing significant.

Without considering its value, its meaning.

Up next: The Walls Have Ears

Even sand, if collected, can yield gold dust.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_001.md)

