[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_022.md)



## Chapter 46: Ephemeral Touch

The loud, heavy sound of a massive structure collapsing echoed in the
distance. Occasionally, there were sounds like something bursting.

The distant sounds, heard by distant ears, seemed like something from
another world. She listened to them in a semiconscious state.

A gentle breeze blew.

*...Wind?*

And then, the scent of grass and earth.

Suddenly, her awareness noticed something amiss.

"I-I thought I was going to die..." A mutter, as if complaining. It was
unmistakably familiar. Without a doubt. Probably very close by.

The scent of someone she had hugged countless times, felt so often.

*Ah*, her hand was firmly grasped.

Though she tried to confirm her form, her body, sprawled on the ground,
couldn't move properly, perhaps due to mana poisoning.

So, she squeezed back.

"...Thank goodness... Ellie, you're alive..."

A voice filled with genuine relief, as if it had finally sunk in from
the reciprocating squeeze. It was the voice she had longed to hear. The
body warmth she had longed to feel.

So, naturally, the words that escaped her lips were—

"It's not 'thank goodness,' you idiot!!!! Why, how could you come when
you couldn't, when you shouldn't have!!! Are you an idiot, you're an
idiot, you really are an idiot!!!!"

"...Yeah, you're still as unreasonable as ever, Ellie..."

Despite being thoroughly verbally abused, it was abuse filled to the
brim with unmistakable relief and affection. Ellie still couldn't see
much, but she felt like she could imagine the expression on her face.

"I'm not unreasonable! You shouldn't have been able to come... a human
couldn't have endured it, so why?!"

"...Um... well, you see... Because I wanted to see you... because I
didn't want to be apart..."

At such a direct confession, Ellie froze. She gripped the hand tightly.
She tried to think of something to say. Tried to think. ...Couldn't
think.

"I wanted to see you too, you idiot!!! I wanted to see you, I wanted to
see you, and now!!!!"

Her body moved just a little. Somehow, she twisted and rolled. With
movements slower than a caterpillar, she clung to Letty, who was lying
beside her.

Letty probably couldn't move much either. Still, she slowly, slowly
moved her arms... and hugged her back.

"It's Letty-san... It's Letty-san! Letty-san, Letty-san, Letty-san..."

The warmth she clung to was familiar to her body. The scent, the body,
the fingertips. Everything was nostalgic and precious.

"...Geez, Ellie, you're so... Fufu, like a child..."

A familiar voice, but an unfamiliar tone. She tried to lift her head
suddenly, but her body wouldn't move, and she let out a groan.

"Le-Letty-san? Um, just now..."

"Hm... was something strange...?"

"Not strange, but different from usual, I guess."

"...Perhaps... Fufu, for some reason, I feel very... exhilarated..."

No doubt.

It was faint, but... unmistakably.

She was *smiling*.

"It's good that we're alive. Ellie and me, we're alive... the same as
ever. When I thought that, it was somehow... I don't know what this is.
...It's a little different from 'fun'..."

"...Um, I think it's probably… It's happiness, or... something like
that."

"...Ah, this is... happiness... Heh, hehe, yes, you're right, I must
be... happy. That Ellie is alive. That I’m alive. ...That we’re back.
Happiness..."

Her gentle, pleasant laughter was endlessly comforting, familiar to her
ears. It made her want to listen forever.

*Ah.*

*I’m alive. I’m back.*

*She came for me.*

The realization washed over her.

"Letty-san, you idiot!!!! It's not 'happy' when you do something so
reckless!!!!"

"...But... it couldn't be helped, I wanted to see you... Besides, it
worked out."

Letty probably understood perfectly well that she was just trying to
hide her embarrassment. Instead of becoming annoyed, she seemed a little
happier. With hands that still barely moved, she patted Ellie’s back
soothingly.

"Worked out, you say? ...Huh? Oh, right, why are we here...? No, where
are we?"

Ellie tried to look around, but her neck wouldn't move. She shifted only
her gaze, taking in the completely unfamiliar grassland.

"...I wonder where... It was so sudden, the coordinates were a mess..."

"Sudden, is it...? Eh. ...Er, how did we get here...? Can you *leap*
with two people...?"

"...It seems I can..."

She must have been embarrassed; "I'd never tried it before" was mumbled
in a very, very small voice. And Ellie's ears caught it perfectly.

"You just winged it!! Like that, like that... Don’t you realize if
something had gone wrong, we would have been burned up together?!"

"Ah... well, that might have been the case, huh?"

"Huh?! It's not *huh*!! You're cute! Y-You're cute, but! But that's that
and this is this!!!"

"Um... am I being praised? Or insulted?"

"I'm insulting you, you idiot!!!!"

*No, no way…* Gradually, Ellie began to piece together what had
happened. Now that she had survived and her head was somewhat clearer,
no matter how she thought about it, it was clearly outrageous.

"...No, first of all, how did you even get there...? I assume detection
magic didn’t work in that situation, right...?"

"Yeah, I really had no idea... But I just wanted to go, I couldn't think
of anything but Ellie... And suddenly *there* flashed into my mind...
and I just jumped."

"That was a complete guess, wasn't it?!"

"But you were right there, Ellie, weren't you? So I quickly picked you
up and immediately jumped.. It was, well, quite... very, hard though..."

The mana concentration was enough to incinerate a normal human in just
one second. Only because Letty held an extraordinarily high amount of
mana—for a modern human—was she able to endure it for only a second or
so. Her saying, "I thought I was going to die" was by no means an
exaggeration.

"What do you think would have happened if we had appeared somewhere
further away?!"

"Well, I did think about that for a bit, but... I thought, 'Oh well.'"

"It's NOT 'oh well'!! If something like that had happened, I, I would
have had to watch Letty-san die?!!"

"...Ah. ...I'm sorry, that... I'm really, truly sorry... I didn't have
the presence of mind to think that far..."

"That's why I called you an idiot... I'm just a tool, you know? I want
you to cherish me, but when there's no other way, please, just discard
me..."

She was aware she was saying something unfair. She vaguely knew how
Letty would respond to such words. But she wanted to hear it.

"No. Absolutely not. I am your Master. It wouldn't make sense to discard
you."

Clear, definite.

The words she desired were spoken.

*Ah, yes. Just as I thought. She’s always been that kind of person.*

Ellie tightened her grip on the arm she clung to.

"Letty-san, you idiot... idiot, idiot... But, that's why, I love you..."

"Hm... 'Thank you' is probably the right response... I'm sorry, Ellie.
I'm like this, so I can't say it clearly, but... I'm sure I like you
too, Ellie."

Ellie hugged her tightly, with arms that still lacked strength, yet with
all her might. The sensation of being clung to was, somehow, comforting.
Letty still didn't quite understand, but if she had to name the feeling,
that's probably what it was.

It felt ticklish somehow, and she couldn't help but let out a little
chuckle again.

Looking up, the sky had gradually shifted from blue to red without her
noticing. Under their embrace, it shone unusually warm and bright.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The deed is done. But this is not the end.

Everything begins here. It begins, but.

But before that.

Up next: As King

There are mountains of things to take care of.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_020.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_022.md)

