[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_018.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_020.md)



## Chapter 44: The Only Elegant Solution

*How long has it been? Where are Letty and the others now? If they’re
confronting the Queen...*

...That worst-case scenario, above all, had to be avoided.

*If the* Orb *can’t be stopped, then I at least must make it unusable.*

Ellie had only one option. The moment she understood, she began the
process without a single moment of hesitation.

*"I'm sorry, Wiskeraf. I wanted a more peaceful goodbye, but..."*
Murmuring this in her heart, she initiated a different processing
sequence.

Interfere with the mana reactor's control system, alter control
values... create a bottleneck in the flow of mana. Restart mana
collection, set collection speed to maximum—a situation where mana
wouldn’t flow easily, yet would accumulate in massive quantities.

The mana reactor began to emit strange sounds.

The *foreign object* seemed to lack advanced self-judgment capabilities.
If she didn't interfere with it, it wouldn't interfere with her.

She didn't know its objective, but if it intended to utilize the
collected mana, its plan should crumble if the mana could no longer
flow.

...Even if that required physically stopping it.

The energy flowing into and accumulated within the mana reactor reached
criticality, surpassed it... and control became impossible.

At that instant, she yanked the cable from the connector without even
completing the termination process, and whirled around. Perhaps because
she pulled it out forcibly, she could feel a burning sensation in her
head. She willed herself to ignore it while running towards the exit at
full speed.

Abnormal vibrations, sounds she had never heard before. Ignoring them,
she desperately ran for the exit.

But—

"...I'm sorry, Letty-san… I won't be able to see you again..."

Reflected in her mind was the face of her precious, precious Master.
Even that felt as though it was about to be blown away.

As Ellie desperately ran to gain even a little more distance from the
mana reactor, a magical explosion... a blinding torrent of light
swallowed her whole.

\*\*\*

—At the same time, in the throne room

*How many times have I dodged? How many times have I managed to land a
hit?*

Her mind, hazy with exhaustion, pondered such things.

With a mind barely capable of thought, she still reacted to every
movement she sensed, evading. Finally, she landed one more blow. Her
dagger nearly slipped from her grasp, but she re-gripped it... then
leaped. A great, wide leap.

Controlling her breathing had long since become impossible. A burning
suffocation in her lungs, the unfamiliar sound of her own ragged
breaths.

Still, her legs moved. She leaped sideways. The now-familiar sounds of
destruction, sharp fragments that seemed to tear at her flesh.

*Not yet. Not yet, not yet, not yet!*

She desperately told herself. She couldn't die here. She couldn't let
this happen. There was someone waiting for her.

Just as that thought flashed through her mind—

The sound of a colossal impact resonated, seemingly not of this world.

An intense sound, accompanied by a shock that felt like being torn
apart. As if multiple bolts of lightning had struck simultaneously.

"...Ellie...?"

For some reason, the face of Ellie surfaced in her mind, and her
movements faltered for a moment.

This aberration would not miss such an opening. She snapped back to
awareness, looked at the aberration... and a different confusion arose.

It had stopped moving.

"A, A, A, AAAAAA!!!"

Suddenly, it clawed at its throat, arched its back, and screamed. Its
writhing movements were as if...

"Suffocating...? No, but... close... This... is..."

It must be Ellie.

Ellie must have done something.

But if that sound was the price.

...It seemed she wouldn't be given time to worry. The root cause of her
suffering. It must be her, who had given her so much trouble until now.
Meeting the aberration's glaring gaze, she took a deep breath.

"That's right, it's me... Come on, I'll make it easy for you." She
deliberately provoked it. If Ellie was the reason for this change in
behavior, then she, as her Master, could not waver. Renewing her
resolve, she held her dagger ready.

The aberration screamed and lunged, though perhaps due to its agony, it
lacked the unnatural speed it had shown before.

Still, its agility was a sufficient threat, and the power of its vicious
claws immense. With utmost caution and all the daring she could muster,
Letty sharply lowered her body to evade, swinging her dagger. A blow
delivered with speed and weight struck the aberration's right knee.

*CLANG!* A heavy, metallic sound reverberated.

*CLANG!* *CLANG!* Heavy sounds of it losing balance and stumbling.

*Now.*

Suddenly, such an intuition.

Following it, Letty stepped in with a smooth, gliding motion.

The aberration, having barely regained its balance, didn't immediately
notice her close proximity. As it turned, it found a black-clad figure
at point-blank range.

"GAAAAAAAAA!!!"

In a panic, it swiped its claws horizontally, but Letty calmly lowered
her body, dodging its now easily-telegraphed movement.

As she dodged, she struck its undefended flank with the blunt edge of
her dagger. Even a dagger was a rod of iron, and when struck hard
against a flank where the body was twisted and ribs might be protruding,
where the flesh inside would have thinned—

"GYAAAAA!!! A, A, IYAAAAA!!"

What burst forth was probably a scream. It was clearly writhing in pain,
suffering, and shaking its head.

"URAAAAAAAAAA!!!"

In anger, it tried to unleash lightning. That, she couldn't stop, but—

"Really, too naive."

The lightning, released without proper aim, didn't even graze Letty, who
could detect mana. As the attack was unleashed after its supply of
energy was cut off, it only served to corner the aberration further.

"GUAU!!!! GUAAAA!!! WARAWAHAAAAAAA!!!!"

For a moment, a human-like voice was heard. Such a thing was not worthy
of sympathy, however.

She stepped in once more. Ducking under the aberration's thrashing arms
as it suffocated in agony, she delivered blunt blows to its arm, elbow,
and shoulder, one after another, slowing its movements.

*Thud…*

A dull sound from inside.

Finally, even the bones broke.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!! HURTS!!!!!!!!! HURTSSSS!!!!!!!!!"

*Did the shock of the pain return it to its senses?* Its voice sounded
closer to a human's, but—

"Sorry, but... it's time to go to sleep."

If she showed mercy here, she didn’t know when it might revive. She
wasn’t interested in entertaining such an optimistic outcome.

Arms, legs, waist, knees, shoulders.

She ruthlessly struck every possible point, robbing it of any chance to
counterattack. As it stumbled, she flipped her dagger to its sharp edge
and delivered a precisely aimed strike.

A *guk* sound of something sinking in.

The dagger bit into its neck. Though the mana sustaining the aberration
was beginning to dissipate, the exoskeleton was still active, but—

*Thud!!!*

She slammed the heel of her left palm onto the blunt edge of the
embedded dagger. Just one more push.

A *whoosh*, the sound of something gushing.

"...Goodbye."

Pressing in the dagger, she sliced through its neck.

A red fountain erupted, reeking of iron.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's over. Now, only to go pick her up.

Yet, her legs won’t move, and her hand can’t reach.

Just a little more, that's all she needs.

Up next: A Hand, Reaching Yet Unreachable

What slips through her fingertips.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_018.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_020.md)

