[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_067.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_069.md)



## Chapter 92: Judgment to be Passed

"Now. Would you care to explain what's going on?"

In the clamoring venue, a dignified and cold voice rang out. A
brilliant, yet absolutely bone-chilling, smile. Everyone who laid eyes
on it couldn’t help but freeze.

"Either you or the Count, I don't care. Would you explain what this is
all about?"

Behind Leonhardt, who was prompting them, the court mage Marius stood
ready, muttering something under his breath. The Count and his son,
however, had no leeway to notice such things.

"N-no, Your Majesty! This is, this is not what it seems!"

"Oh? And how is it not what it seems? And please explain it in the
context of what it means for a problem like this to occur at a contest I
am hosting."

The Count and his son froze at what he said next. They seemed to have
finally understood the implications of their blunder.

"Well, you see! It is true that my foolish son, in his incompetence,
resorted to such methods! However, this was all instigated by the art
dealer, Mardani!"

"Hmm. So you went along with Mardani's sweet talk?"

Confusing his follow-up with understanding, their expressions relaxed
with relief. They failed to realize that they would never be forgiven.

"That's right, it was all that man!"

"If that's the case, your lack of self-awareness is astounding."

He cleanly cut off the Count, who was pleading and trying to pile on
more excuses. It was at that point that he finally understood the
meaning of the King’s gaze. His face turned ashen.

"You, your family, are a family that has long been responsible for the
arts in this country. Your pride, your soul, is something that can be
discarded by the words of a single art dealer. Do you understand that
you've as good as said that?"

Reflected in his eyes was clear contempt. Disdain for one who had
abandoned their noble duty. Pierced by it, they could no longer move.
Then, on top of that—

"By the way, do you know why Marius is here?"

"Huh? No, well, um...?"

To the question coming out of nowhere, the Count could only be confused.

A smile was directed at him.

A cheerful smile. A cruelly cheerful smile. A malevolent smile so wicked
that it didn't even allow for shivering.

"I recently learned of an interesting magic. It's called *Lie
Detection*. I had Marius learn it."

*Lie Detection.*

The Count couldn't immediately grasp the meaning of those words. But
after a few seconds, he understood. He understood completely.

*Huff, huff*, his breathing became ragged.

"If, by any chance, you were to give a false answer to my questions...
you understand what that means, don't you?"

With that, the Count could no longer maintain consciousness.

\*\*\*

"Good grief, I never thought things would turn out like this." He
grumbled, walking along the road after sunset with a look of
dissatisfaction.

He, too, had been in the venue. And, realizing that things were taking a
turn for the worse, he had slipped out. This was a testament to his
experience as a merchant who had navigated through many tight spots.

"I thought that king was a young upstart, but how wrong I was. I must
inform that person that he is not to be underestimated." He muttered,
quickening his pace. A little further on, he would cross the border.
"However, the loss of my contacts here is a painful one. I suppose a
scolding is unavoidable."

He had ingratiated himself with the nobles as an art dealer and had made
inroads into the country. He had spread money and made connections
everywhere, but unfortunately, it had all been for naught.

"*He* failed, but I thought I would succeed at least... but it was not
to be."

The man who had been the former chancellor was defeated in the recent
upheaval. It had been their plan to take over the country together. But
now, there was nothing more he could do.

"Oh well, this too must be providence. I will await further
instructions—"

He suddenly came to a stop.

In his line of sight, there was a single figure dressed in black. He
recognized the cold, sharp gaze.

"My, my, what a coincidence to meet here, in a place like this."

"It's not a coincidence. I have business with you."

The very person who had derailed his plan was right in front of him. How
and when did she get ahead of him? He didn't let such questions show on
his face as he shrugged with an exasperated look.

"Business with me, you say? The nobles have been judged, so I am of no
further use."

"No use? Not at all. ...Who are you?"

"Oh?"

*How much does this woman know?* Such wariness reared its head.

"Who am I? I am just a humble merchant."

"That's a lie. To begin with, you're not human, are you?"

She cut him off abruptly, and for a moment, he was stunned. And in the
next, he couldn't help but laugh.

"Ha, ha ha! I never expected you to open like that! I should be the one
asking, who are you!"

He couldn't stop laughing. He had no choice but to respond with a
theatrical gesture. To be exposed in this way felt as if he were in a
comedy.

"Me? ...Let's see, I'm... Serge's friend and model."

*Chilling.*

It was the sensation of a cold hand stroking the nape of his neck.

*Dangerous. This woman is dangerous.*

"Serge's? Friend? Model? Someone like that has no reason to be here!"

"I do. I saw something important in his painting. I can't just let
someone who defiled it get away."

She took a step forward. It seemed she had no intention of letting him
go. In that case—

"Hah, I'll make you regret not letting me go! If you even have time for
that!" With that declaration, Mardani took a breath. He put strength
into his body. As he did, his body swelled, transforming into a
non-human form.

"Ah, just as I thought."

"Hmph, you can only say that for now. I'll silence you immediately!"

A giant body towering over 3 meters tall. Arms and legs thicker than
Letty's body. A large horn, slanted eyes, and fangs peeking out of a
torn mouth. It was like an ogre, but more sinister, and above all,
overflowing with mana. Something clearly otherworldly.

"Now, tremble and be afraid!!"

A resounding voice that shook the air and even the ground.

In the next moment—

"Mana Blaster."

A dazzling torrent of light from the side swallowed the monster's legs.
Without a single trace, both his legs disappeared... and he fell to the
ground helplessly.

"Wha-aaahhhhhh?! What in the world! My, my legs, my legs!?"

Two sets of footsteps approached his writhing form.

"We didn't have time to be afraid or tremble, so what are you going to
do about that?" Ellie approached while saying something unreasonable.

"Did you think you could handle me if I were alone? You're far too
naive."

That's right. While Letty was distracting him, Ellie, who had been
hiding on the side, seized the opportunity and unleashed her Mana
Blaster. Filled with various emotions, it had enough power to cleanly
obliterate even the legs of a demon with high magic resistance.

"Th-this much, to me, I won't lose!"

"Please stop resisting, it's pointless."

Another blast of light was released. The monster's left arm was consumed
and vanished.

"I'll have you silenced, too."

*Crunch.*

A dull sound.

Letty's dagger crushed and sliced through his right elbow.

"Gyaaaaaaaah?! What are you, what are you doing!!"

"Removing your resistance. Because there are things I want to ask."

He writhed in agony, having been deprived of his limbs, and cried out in
a mournful voice. But the two, with emotionless eyes, were completely
unfazed.

"Who ordered you to do something so ridiculous? Whose orders were you
following?"

"Ngh, that, I can't say! I can't say!"

"To be able to say that at a time like this is admirable. But would you
like to experience more pain?"

*Wooooong…*

A heavy, rumbling sound. Light accumulated in Ellie's right hand.

"It's the truth, it's the truth! If I could say it, I would, I would!!"

"...He's not lying. He's probably under some kind of *Geas*."

Letty, who had been using multiple search spells to analyze the man's
words and actions, muttered discontentedly.

*Geas.*

A type of high-level magic that forces the recipient to perform certain
actions or to adhere to certain prohibitions. If they were to violate
these, they would go mad and die, all while experiencing the
excruciating pain of their entire body being crushed.

"T-that's right, that's right! I can't say anything, so please!"

The demon pleaded, begging for his life. The two looked down at him with
extremely cold eyes.

"Yes, I suppose it's pointless to continue. Go ahead, Ellie."

Hearing that, the demon's expression became one of shock. He compared
Letty's and Ellie's faces. He was paralyzed by the one Ellie wore.

"Thank you, Letty-san."

She smiled.

And then.

The light that erupted illuminated the surroundings as if it were
midday.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The silence that follows a commotion can sometimes disturb the heart.

They say the darkness of night opens a person's heart and sometimes
makes them weak.

And the words that spill out are from the heart.

Up Next: One Last Farewell

Though it’s unknown if they will reach.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_067.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_069.md)

