[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_035.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_037.md)



## Chapter 60: The Painter and His Request

"I apologize, that was incredibly rude of me. My name is Serge, I’m just
a humble painter."

After a moment of excitement with Ellie, the man finally calmed down and
introduced himself.

His brows were lowered pitifully, and a faint smile played on his lips.
Somehow, he seemed to lack the essence of a painter.

"I’m Egret. This is Ellie."

"I am Ellie, pleased to meet you. So, Serge-san. You have excellent
taste in wanting Letty-san as your model. Oh, we've already talked about
that extensively, no, I mean, what kind of painting model?"

Ellie suppressed her excitement from boiling over once again and put on
a professional smile.

*Flaunting at every opportunity.*

For some reason, that phrase popped into Letty's mind. Since Ellie's
question was also what she was wondering, she patiently waited for
Serge's response.

"Ah, yes, I apologize for the lack of explanation. First, are you aware
that the Kingdom of Valandia hosts an annual painting competition?"

As he posed the question, both naturally shook their heads. Seeing this,
Serge nodded slightly and continued.

"Until now, only those of Baronet rank or higher could enter, but
starting this year, the doors have been opened to commoners! Oh, perhaps
this is thanks to His Majesty Leonhardt, our new king. Anyway, commoners
like myself can now apply. I know that at this age… it might be a little
late… but I couldn't resist the chance, however small."

His halting speech tried to feign calmness, but the passion in his eyes
was almost intimidating. It made Ellie straighten her back
instinctively.

"I see, so you decided to do an exhibit. But why do you want Letty-san
as your model?"

"Ah, that is, you see..." He stammered for a moment before taking his
time to gather his emotions to put into words. "When I saw her, I knew
she was the one. Her eyes, looking at the lake here, perfectly match
what I’m looking for!"

Letty involuntarily flinched at the man’s passion. "I don't think I did
anything so grand..."

Then, her shoulder was patted. It was Ellie.

"What are you saying? Don’t you know that your existence alone is a
poetic masterpiece!!?"

"Ellie, let's calm down a bit. Are you aware that you're being quite
strange...?"

*What should I do?* She had never been this confused in her life.
Exposed to human passion—one such source being a living tactical
weapon—something she had never encountered before, she didn't know how
to handle it.

Only one thing was clear: there was something that drove them this
strongly. Amidst her confusion, it seemed just a little—truly, just a
little—dazzling.

"I don't mind being a model, but specifically, what do I need to do?"

In the end, she gave in. Or rather, accepted. Instantly, both of their
eyes sparkled.

*Why Ellie too?* she muttered inwardly.

"Yes, well to be specific… my studio is over there. It would be a great
help if you could come for about two hours a day, for several days, and
just sit in a chair."

"That's all?" She tilted her head to confirm. Listening to him, it
didn't seem like much.

Serge nodded once, then hastily waved his hands as if to deny something.
"Oh, I’ll specify some poses, but please don't worry, I don’t plan to
ask for anything difficult. How does that sound?"

The color of his eyes as he asked that felt somehow familiar.

"If I can accompany her as her manager, I permit it!"

*Ah, like that time.*

It was just like the eyes of a certain someone who had asked her to put
*Wiskeraf* to sleep.

In that case—

"Ellie, why are *you* giving permission? Well, it's fine, but..." Letty
feigned an exasperated tone.

*It’s true, I guess, it seems it’s tempting to put up a front at moments
like this.*

While learning this superfluous lesson, she nodded to the two of them.

Though immediately after, seeing them cheering and high-fiving, she
regretted it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Who am I?

A difficult question and sometimes an eternal mystery.

However, it can also be answered unexpectedly.

Up next: Who Are You?

Perhaps no one knows themselves less than they do.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: I hope you like painting


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_035.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_037.md)

