[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_037.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 62: Tomorrow, Yesterday, and Today

"I'm sorry, I forgot myself for a moment..."

Silence fell as Serge covered his face. Once things subsided, and after
a bit more time, he finally seemed composed enough to lift his head.

…His eyes were red, but that was unavoidable.

"No, we were surprised, but… I’m sure you probably have a lot going on…”

"Yes, we are, after all, quite familiar with the world, so it's
alright."

Their "familiarity with the world" was severely limited in scope and
often horrific, but still, they weren't disturbed by his display of
distress.

...Nor were they so jaded as to mock his emotions.

He blinked for a moment, taken aback by their composure. In many ways,
it didn't match their appearance.

"Perhaps asking you to model was the right choice after all."

What he had glimpsed in her at that moment. His intuition that something
hidden within Letty made her stand apart from ordinary people. That, it
seemed, was not mistaken.

"We won't know until you actually paint, though..."

"What are you saying? The moment Letty-san got picked to be the model it
became a guaranteed success! And on top of that, he'll be painting you
with such skill!"

"Okay, so, Ellie, let's calm down, alright?"

There was no mistake. Just watching their exchange was enough to wash
away the somber atmosphere from moments before.

"Haha, when you put it like that, it feels like a lot of pressure."

"It is! So make sure you paint well, *okay*?"

"...Ellie, stop with that look... you know that could kill someone..."

Letty admonished Ellie, who was glaring at Serge with eyes that seemed
as if they could pierce right through him.

*Ah, truly.*

It was a sobering feeling.

A slight fear, an immense pressure.

And more than anything, expectation for himself.

Serge found himself smiling without realizing it.

\*\*\*

"So, the real modeling will start tomorrow, then..."

"Got it. I just need to come here tomorrow afternoon, right?"

"Yes, that would be great."

After that, he spent some time showing them the tools and other works in
the studio. The future arrangements were explained, and the session
concluded for the day.

"Well then, we'll be going now\\"

"...See you tomorrow, then."

"Yes, see you tomorrow."

He waved to the two of them, saw them off, and closed the studio door.

...Immediately, a familiar sense of confinement began to settle in. One
part of him thought, *This is all it ever amounts to*. Another part,
*This time it's different, this time for sure*. His two selves vied with
each other, and no conclusion was reached.

He sighed, "Phew..." and looked up at the ceiling. It was a sooty,
familiar ceiling.

*...Can I change?*

Even he himself thought it was ridiculous. Yet, those two people
believed in him, despite meeting for only the first time today.

He wasn’t sure if he could truly share their belief. Though their words
felt so honest that it made him wonder.

"Regardless, I’m not quite what I used to be..."

*Can I do it? Can I bring out what I saw in her at that moment? With
these hands…*

He stared at his hands again.

Then—

"Gah, ghk! Ah, ack, agh!" Suddenly, he coughed violently. He slumped
weakly, his body sometimes jerking like in a seizure as he crawled
around.

*...Same as always.*

After a while, the coughing fit finally subsided. He rolled over, lying
weakly on the floor, his limbs sprawled.

He was fortunate it hadn't happened while those two were here. Lately,
the intervals between these coughing episodes had been shortening. His
lungs, aching with a throbbing heat, felt heavier and hotter than
before.

"...Please, hold on for me..."

He pleaded with his own body. He closed his eyes, focused on breathing
deeply, and after a moment, his breathing finally began to calm down.

Just as he groaned and pushed himself up, there was a knock at the door.

"Serge, you're in there. Is the item ready?"

A voice. The worst customer had arrived at the worst possible time.
Though he kept that thought to himself.

"Mardani-san, is that you? Please wait a moment."

*Just one deep breath*. He spurred his body, which was slowly regaining
strength, and somehow managed to stand up.

He put his hand on the doorknob and slowly opened it.

"So you were here. ...You look pale, another fit?"

"Ah, just now. I'm feeling better." Serge offered a weak, ingratiating
smile and ushered him into the studio.

Mardani, the art dealer.

He had strong connections with the nobility and managed various
painters; he was one of the country's leading art dealers.

...And he was also the very person who had urged Serge onto the path of
forgery.

The excellent mood he had been in just moments ago was instantly
shattered by the coughing fit and this visit, plummeting him to his
lowest point. He thought, *This is all it ever amounts to.*

And yet—

*It’s not over yet. Surely, not until the very end of this life.*

Thinking such thoughts, Serge closed the door.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Living is expensive.

Food, medicine, alcohol, a home.

In this world, if you don't have them, you can't survive.

Up next: The Weary Ways of This Transient World

Fulfill obligations and principles as much as possible.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN: So true, author….


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_037.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

