[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_050.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 75: And the World Revealed There

The brush danced.

At times, etching miniscule pieces, at times boldly spreading paint. The
world visible only to him was expressed onto the canvas.

It was by no means a bright world. Rather, it was a gloomy, cluttered
room, almost suffocating. Yet, there was the soft warmth of light
streaming in from the window. The girl sitting in the illuminated space
nearby gazed out with serene yet strong eyes. Yes, looking outwards.

A cramped room, as if she were confined. A cluttered interior, with
various rough objects askew everywhere. Still, the girl remained
unstained, un-wilted, facing the outdoors.

"This is true art..." Ellie whispered softly, so as not to disturb
Serge's concentration.

*This is it. This is how the world is.* His perceived world. It was
almost akin to a scream. A brushwork that seemed to plead.

...Subtly, a sense of fear. Yet, she also felt a poignant sorrow. An
unbearable amount of unspoken feelings, ones that could only be poured
into a painting. It was being hurled at her, up close.

*I mustn't look away for even a second.*

\*\*\*

*He wasn't serious at all until now, was he...* Letty thought to
herself.

The person in front of her was Serge. It should have been.

But he had transformed into someone she had never seen before. The
feverish passion, akin to madness, hurled at her by his brush, which
moved with single-minded devotion as if possessed by something.

She had been astonished by his skill countless times. However, what she
was witnessing now far surpassed all of that. Something more than just
skill. It was something she had often felt since starting her journey.
And now it was being thrust upon her.

...It was incredibly dazzling.

*Maybe.*

*Just maybe.*

*Will I be able to acquire something like that myself one day?*

She wanted it.

It was a desire that had naturally arisen.

\*\*\*

The brush moved.

He had no intention of stopping, but it moved before he even thought to
move it. Colors were chosen and placed before he could think. He would
only realize belatedly that it was exactly as he intended.

It was less like painting and more like the act of naturally extracting
what was supposed to be there. Existence was being carved out, as if it
had been there from the start.

He had conceptualized it over and over. He had iterated through trial
and error in his mind, building up the world. Now, it was taking form.
Taking back its rightful appearance in its rightful place.

There was a priest who, with confidence, preached that God created the
world with the words, "Let there be light." If so, he would bring light
to this world. In this world, his and his alone.

...No, that wasn’t quite right.

It was not just him creating it.

With his model. ...And with his apprentice, who was intently watching
from beside him.

He had thought it was a solitary world. He had always worked alone, in a
world of his own, believing it was something to be done solely by
himself. But, after meeting them, while causing various commotions, and
sometimes concentrating intently…

The world they created together, like this, was incredibly dazzling.

\*\*\*

*Ah... I don't want it to end...*

If he finished painting, it would end. Still, he couldn't stop his
hands.

He would finish it.

And then, he would begin again.

It would surely be difficult, and not everything would turn out good.

But still, something awaited beyond that.

What he saw in the eyes of the girl by the lake.

What the eyes of the girl he had just drawn on the canvas pleaded with
him.

Surely, it was alright to seek it.

A future of becoming someone.

The happiness of gaining something.

To begin for that purpose.

Starting here.

Unbeknownst to him, tears had begun to gather in his eyes. He poured all
his emotions into the brush and applied it to the canvas.

\*\*\*

How much time had passed? The light streaming into the room began to
take on a faint red hue. Noticing the change in color, Serge stopped his
brush.

"...Let's stop here for today. Egret-san, good work."

Announcing that, he let out the long breath that had been building up in
his lungs. Leaning back against the chair, a wave of exhaustion washed
over him.

...He was tired.

Honestly, quite worn out.

But despite his body, his heart was satisfied.

He had painted.

Though it terrified him, he had painted the world exactly as he imagined
it.

The painting he glanced at was still unfinished, not everything fully
expressed, but... the completed form he envisioned was definitely in
sight. No, he had a premonition that he could go even higher than what
he had envisioned.

For the paint to dry, tomorrow felt frustratingly slow, and the day
after, when finally ready, was eagerly awaited. How long had it been
since he had felt such an overwhelming urge to paint?

In contrast to the exhausted but exhilarated Serge, Letty and Ellie wore
solemn expressions.

"U-um... Serge, you too, good work... Well then, we'll continue the day
after tomorrow..."

"Good work, Master! Oh, um, should I massage your shoulders? Or perhaps
make you something to drink?"

"No, um, what's wrong with you two? I'm fine, really."

They were... too distant, somehow. Serge was taken aback by the unusual
distance in their demeanor.

For him, it was normal... no, even for him, it was a rare level of
concentration and passion. And the two of them were completely swept
along by it.

"No, but I want to do *something*! Ahh, should I just pay you after
all!?"

"No, I mean why... Please, compose yourselves."

He could only give a wry smile as Ellie was completely flustered.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

That scene was vivid and dazzling.

And so, the emptiness after it ended was particularly profound.

The road home, replaying it in her mind, was...

Up Next: A Beloved Night's Conversation

On an ordinary, beloved night.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_050.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

