[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_074.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 99: Like Pouring Water Down a Standing Board

Even for Letty, with her agility pushing the limits of a human, catching
up to the bandits farthest from her before they reached the traveler was
practically impossible. Still, she chased them, if only to feel like she
was doing something.

Suddenly, she made eye contact with the traveler.

"Move!"

She called out, unsure if she would make it or if her voice would even
be heard. Yet the traveler looked at her with an incredibly calm gaze.

It was an old woman, likely in her sixties. With her long, pure white
hair tied back, she continued walking. Her steps were smooth and
unhesitating, not what one would expect from an elderly person. Her back
was straight and dignified, yet her demeanor felt soft.

She was simply too natural in the face of this commotion.

"Oh my, what's all this noise? What on earth is going on?" She grumbled
without a hint of panic or any intention of moving out of the way.

Then, the desperate men rushed towards her. "Shut up, old hag! Get outta
the way!"

"Hmm?" One of the old woman's eyebrows twitched. Letty instinctively
slowed down, feeling the air around her change.

In the next moment, the old woman glided forward.

And just like that,

She slipped through the men.

"What..." Letty gasped and stopped. Immediately, the bandits in front of
her fell one after another.

"Agh! Wh-what is this?!?"

"My legs! My legs!?"

All of them were on the ground, their legs sliced open. The woman
responsible lightly flicked her long sword, drawn without anyone
noticing, and gave a small snort.

"Really, who are you calling an old hag? It's rude to talk to a lady
like that."

She spoke with an elegance that befitted someone referring to herself a
lady, as she sheathed her sword. And with a cruel smile that did not
befit a lady at all.

“Oh dear,” the old woman rolled her shoulders as Letty stood there,
dumbfounded.

"…Who are you?" She finally managed to squeeze out the words.

It was just a single moment, but she had seen it all. The motion of
drawing her sword, the steps she took, and how she swung her blade. But
if asked whether she herself could have reacted to it, Letty wasn't sure
she could confidently answer.

It all started the moment she unsheathed her sword. While drawing their
attention, she never revealed her true aim. Her footwork was fluid, and
the blade swung around as she evaded. It was done in such a way that it
caught them off guard, effortlessly slicing into the men's legs.

A shiver went down Letty's spine at the sheer skill.

"What do you mean, 'who am I'? That's a strange thing to ask, little
miss. I'm just a humble traveler. Now, what about you? ...You don't seem
to be one of their allies."

Her gentle, hearty laugh only caused Letty to grow more cautious. Even
during this exchange, Letty observed that the old woman had absolutely
no openings. In addition, she was also keeping aware of the fallen
bandits behind her.

It was unlikely that anyone here could take her by surprise. She had
completely taken control of the situation.

"Well... rather, we're the ones who chased them off. ...I'm sorry for
having sent them your way."

"Oh, is that so? Then don't you worry about it. We're both safe, so it's
all good."

As she spoke, Letty felt the old woman’s guard relax slightly. Still,
there was an air about her that told her not to approach carelessly.

"I appreciate you saying that. ...I'm Egret. And you?"

"Me? Nothing to brag about, but since you've introduced yourself first,
I suppose I have no choice. I'm Dominique. Like I said, just a humble
traveler."

Letty stared at her with suspicion as she performed a rather pretentious
greeting.

"Honestly, after what you just did, I find that a little hard to
believe..." She murmured, pouting.

"Haha, now, now, don't say that. I don't think you're in any position to
talk, little miss." Dominique gave a meaningful glance toward the men
Letty had cut down, who were laying strewed on the ground.

"...I won't deny it. You understand, don't you?" Letty frowned, a
troubled expression on her face. She probably couldn't win against her.
Maybe if she used her trump card, but in a straight, honest fight...

“Hmmm,” Dominique hummed. "For someone so young and with such skill,
you're quite humble." She let out a cackling, throaty laugh. Her eyes
were impudent as she stared at Letty. “Or perhaps, that's precisely
why.”

Letty felt uneasy under her gaze.

After a moment of staring, Dominique showed a mischievous smile.
"Alright, I've decided. How about it, little miss? Would you like to
learn my sword style?"

"...Eh?" Letty let out a silly noise at the sudden offer.

Ignoring her confusion, Dominique continued speaking with glee.

"Well, I've been wanting to retire in comfort, you see. But it would be
a waste to let this sword style end with me. You know that feeling,
don't you? No, you of all people would know that."

Her words were spun smoothly, just like her swordplay. ...Maybe even
more so.

Letty felt herself being swept away by the flow. "Ah, um, wait a
minute."

"So I've been looking for someone with potential. I thought I might find
someone among the contestants in the Cordor sword tournament, but it's
been difficult. And here you are. From what I can tell, you have the
fundamentals down, and you have experience. On top of that, you have a
good eye and good judgment. You're the one. How about it? You won't
regret it."

"W-wait, wait, wait a second?" Letty was flustered by her pushiness.

*Is this... a sales pitch?* She couldn't help but wonder.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

They say that even a chance encounter is a result of a deep connection
from a previous life.

The roads where people come and go are places where connections
intersect.

And if they crossed blades there, their connection might be even deeper.

Up Next: The Sales Pitch

The depth of which is swept away by its lightheartedness.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_074.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

