[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_010.md)



## Chapter 34: The Beginning of the Great Betrayal

Upon returning to the Prince's room, Georg immediately assembled the
high-ranking officers, including the battalion commanders.

A tension filled the air as the coup d'état was announced. Perhaps
because the plan for the uprising had already been shared, there was no
sign of panic. Nevertheless, they couldn't hide their nervousness at the
prospect of an action of treason that, if it went awry, would brand them
as traitors.

"Now then, gentlemen. First, I will inform you of the change in
situation and the revised operation."

As the Prince began, the officers' expressions changed. In this
gathering of seasoned veterans, it seemed none were unable to control
their own apprehension. With a satisfied nod at their acceptance, the
explanation was given, hurried preparations were made, and the next
morning, the assault force departed from the town of Ausberg.

Two days had passed since Letty obtained the information in the western
forest, leaving five days until the earliest possible time the First
Knight Order might act. Considering it would take three days of forced
march by cavalry to reach the capital, there was almost no time to
spare. Therefore, they hurried their preparations and decided to depart
the following morning.

"Your Highness, won't our movements be detected by their spies?"

The Prince nodded in response to a question raised by one of the
battalion commanders during the meeting. "Yes, in fact, we've decided to
use that to our advantage."

The operation was as follows:

The original plan to advance with the entire Third Knight Order was
changed.

Only 300 knights, equipped with light armor for foot combat, would
launch a surprise attack. The main force would remain stationed in
Ausberg as before, holding the First Knight Order in check.

The reason for leaving most of the knights behind was to retain as many
commander-class knights as possible, preserving their ability to respond
if the First Knight Order were to move.

From the start, the Prince's coup had already been anticipated. If their
movements were noticed, most of the First Knight Order's 1,000 knights
would likely be dispatched as pursuers. Since they were going with only
knights, they wouldn't be able to catch up if infantry were involved.

Furthermore, if the enemy entered the royal castle first, it would turn
into a siege-like situation, and they would likely want to send about
three times the number of troops for a definite suppression. That would
significantly reduce the number of commanding officers, making it
difficult for the First Knight Order to invade Azar during the coup.
However, they predicted that Oscar, with his blind loyalty, would
prioritize the capital.

And, no matter how excellent their spies were, they would still need to
return once to report. Barlstadt, where the First Knight Order was
stationed, and Ausberg were roughly equidistant from the capital, but a
time lag would occur before the First Knight Order could move, so they
expected to arrive at the capital first.

"After that, once we cross the East Bridge over the outer moat, 200 men
will deploy at the end of the bridge to defend against the pursuing
First Knight Order. ...Well, that's if they can arrive before things are
over, of course. 100 men will storm the royal castle with me.

“Most of the Imperial Guards remaining inside are on our side, so combat
can be avoided. We'll only have to deal with the Chancellor's personal
guard and my mother's private soldiers. If there's no organized
resistance, 100 men should be able to handle it."

"Your Highness, instead of going head-on, if there are any escape routes
for the royal family, why not use those?"

"I considered that. But if the Chancellor or my mother were informed of
our arrival before we got there, using fast horses or carrier pigeons,
they could easily stop us by setting up defenses in the passages or
other countermeasures.

“Therefore, it’s necessary to advance with a minimum number of troops,”
he replied to the battalion commander who had posed the question.

After infiltrating the royal castle, the Mage Ellie would head to the
room with the mana reactor, known as the *Garden of the Thunder
Emperor*, with a few guards, while simultaneously securing the castle
interior.

The Prince’s entourage would capture the Queen and the Chancellor, or...
strike them down. Letty would accompany them as insurance. During the
explanation, the two were introduced and met with suspicious looks.

"By the way,” Georg added. “This Egret here can kill me. And Ellie here
effortlessly fended off the second-in-command mage’s full-power magical
attacks." They were then looked at with eyes filled with disbelief.

At any rate, their participation was tacitly agreed upon. Afterwards, in
parallel with the urgent preparations, the members of the assault force
were chosen.

"...I never thought everyone would volunteer." The Prince chuckled,
reminiscing as he looked at the knights mounting their horses and
forming a protective circle around him.

Incidentally, while Letty and Ellie could ride horses, they naturally
hadn't received training in cavalry formations, so they were following a
little behind the main group.

Georg, who was listening to the Prince's mumblings beside him, let out a
chuckle. "Everyone had already made up their minds when they came to
Azar; they probably don't want to miss out on the chance for a glorious
death."

"Is that so...? I don't quite understand."

"Don’t worry, it's fine if you don't empathize, General. There are those
of us who seek death, and as long as you understand that and use us
well, then..."

"...I'll keep that in mind, as one who stands above you." He replied
with a rare solemn expression to Georg, who wore a refreshingly clear
smile, almost radiant.

The place they were heading to could be called a death trap. Although
the explanation made it sound as if there would be no casualties and
success was assured, in reality, it would be a continuous tightrope
walk.

It went without saying that they, too, must have known this, yet not a
single knight hesitated to volunteer. For that, he was truly grateful.

"Oh, if you're keeping it in mind, then please grant me one more thing."

"What is it, you greedy knight commander?"

"Hahaha, it's a bit late for that, isn't it? ...If possible, please let
us die happily like this. Please become the kind of king who makes us
feel it's worth dying for Your Highness."

Compared to Georg, who seemed quite cheerful, the Prince had a look of
displeasure.

"...That's fine, but why do you speak as if you won't be there then?"
The prince remarked.

Georg blinked before bursting into a loud laughter the next moment.
"You're right, that won't do. If I'm gone, there'll be no one to rein in
these good-for-nothings!"

"You're the biggest good-for-nothing, Commander!!" A teasing jeer flew
in from a nearby knight as Georg spoke lightheartedly.

Georg roared back, laughter laced into his response, "Shut it, I'll cut
your pay, you brats!"

Watching them, the Prince didn't know whether to laugh or what kind of
expression to make. One thing, however, was certain. He would never
waste the lives they had offered and entrusted to him.

Engraving that anew in his heart, Prince Leonhardt spurred his horse
onward towards the capital.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

They've come this far together.

They've acted foolishly, laughed, and sometimes cried.

But this is as far as it goes; now, each to their own task.

Up next: Parting Is Such Sweet Sorrow

Life is nothing but goodbyes.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_008.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_010.md)

