[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_068.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 93: One Last Farewell

"Haaah... I did it..."

"Good job, Ellie. You did great."

After the eye-searing light subsided, Letty gently patted Ellie's head
as she let out a huge sigh. After letting herself be patted for a while,
she slowly looked up.

"I'm sorry, Letty-san. I got carried away with my emotions and just blew
him away... I wish we could have gotten more information."

"It's okay. We found out what we needed to know."

Letty kept patting her head to reassure the apologetic Ellie, who leaned
into her, indulging in the gesture.

"That's true. What he did told us more clearly than words ever could."

"Yeah. How he acted when cornered. Where he was headed. And well, his
true identity, too. We had a hunch, though."

As she said that, Letty looked down the road he had fled on, and beyond.
Away from Valandia, to what lay ahead.

"Where he was headed... the end of this road?"

"Yes. It's likely, but... this road leads to the Holy Kingdom of
Amartia. He, a demon, was heading to the Holy Kingdom as a place to run
to. We'll need to investigate more, but it seems a little suspicious,
doesn't it?"

Amartia was said to be the Creator God who made the world. The Holy
Kingdom of Amartia was a religious state based on the Amartia faith,
which worships Amartia. Since it's a religion dedicated to the Creator
God, it's the most widely followed religion on the continent, with
churches in almost every country, and it held a great deal of influence.

And a demon tried to flee into that country.

"But I heard that they sealed the demon known as the *Demon Lord*,
didn’t they? Wouldn't it be bad if the demon’s boss was in a country
like that?"

"Yeah, that's what I'm thinking... So, I think we need to investigate
more. I guess you could say we've found where we need to look."

After the meeting at the royal castle, they had made significant
progress in their investigation of Mardani over the few days leading up
to the results of the competition being announced:

They found that his actions didn't seem very human, and he would
occasionally leak subtle traces of mana. Compared to the volume of his
trade and his relationship with the country, his dealings with the
Amartia region were disproportionately high. They had a strong
suspicion. Naturally, they had his face, and they had already "marked"
him.

And when they saw Mardani run away just as Leonhardt began his
denunciation at the ceremony, they trailed him, caught up, and then got
ahead to ambush him.

"All that’s left now is to report this to His Majesty and wait for his
decision on what to do."

"Right. I guess you could say this is a break."

She sighed again, her face holding a hint of sorrow as she looked up at
the sky. Letty watched her for a while. Then she spoke.

"Alright, Ellie."

"Oh, yes, what is it?" As Ellie replied with curiosity, Letty suddenly
hugged her. "Bweh?! Letty-san, wh-what are you doing!?"

While holding the flustered Ellie, she patted her back.

"Have you... gotten some of it out? I thought you were probably having a
harder time." When she said that, Ellie's movements stopped. She stayed
there for a while, letting herself be hugged and leaning into Letty's
body.

Her body started to tremble slightly. "Why would you say that...? It's,
it's... it's..."

As she struggled to speak, Letty held her against her chest. Letty was
tall, and Ellie was small. It was a position where Ellie's tearful face
was buried into her chest.

"You tried so hard. You did a great job. So, it's okay, say anything you
want. It's just us here."

Still, she held back for a little while. But soon, she reached her
limit.

"Waaaaah... Master... Master! I'm sorry, I could only do this much! But,
but, I protected the painting! I did it, I protected it!"

The one thing she wanted to protect, she did. The moment she felt that
weight lifted, a rush of emotions surged up. She poured them out into
Letty's chest.

"I wanted you to teach me more! But then you just... And then that guy,
those guys! I couldn't forgive them for taking it away! I couldn't
forgive them!"

The sadness that had hit her then. The anger and pain she had felt then.
She let them all overflow into words. Letty's eyes teared up as well,
but she didn't interrupt Ellie.

"Master, you idiot! I wanted you to teach me more! Don't just disappear
on me! If you were struggling, you should have told me!"

Her own immaturity. His back, far in the distance. And yet, he had shown
her a clear path. She wanted him to show her more.

It was a request that could no longer be granted. She knew he was
someone who would never burden others. A man who wouldn't compromise. A
man who had dedicated everything to his painting.

So.

"Thank you so much for teaching me how to paint! Thank you for showing
me this wonderful world! Thank you, thank you!"

For what he had given to her. She, who had once only been a weapon. For
sharing a piece of his life with her.

She gave him her utmost gratitude.

That was the most Ellie could do.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The fragment received was heavy.

The missing piece was lost forever.

Is it a sin, then, to try and fill the void?

Up Next: The Final Stroke is Cast

It is a wish, or perhaps a prayer. That it will reach him.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_068.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

