[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_029.md)



## Chapter 52: Her and Her Choice

After a few rounds of verification, it became clear that Ellie's
assumption was correct. They agreed that Mana Bolt should be reserved
for precision shots, rather than crowd control.

...Though both of them were thoroughly confused, wondering if such a
situation would ever actually arise.

They decided to head back to the inn, having confirmed the general state
of affairs.

\*\*\*

"So, the Imperial Capital used to be around here..."

Back at the inn, they sat side-by-side on the bed, unfolding a map.
Ellie pointed to one spot, a potential location for the parts needed for
her repairs. The map clearly marked an existing city there.

"This is the capital of the Cordor Kingdom. There should be a large
ancient ruin there."

"Eh?! So there's a good chance?!"

Ellie, who hadn't been expecting much, lit up. But Letty's expression
was ambiguous.

"...It's a famous ruin, so it should have been extensively excavated
already."

"Oh no... So, if we go look, it might not be there?"

She slumped over in disappointment at the answer. Letty patted her head
and continued.

"Well, excavated items are sometimes sold, so it's worth looking into."

"Ugh... But aren't all those discovered ancient magical devices being
sold pretty expensive?"

"Hm? It's fine, we can pay up to 250 mithril silver coins now, can't
we?"

"...Letty-san, please sit up straight."

With a look of *"Why?"* painted on her face, Letty obediently sat in a
formal kneeling posture. Seeing such an adorable scene, Ellie, enduring
various emotions and putting on a pained expression, also sat formally
opposite her.

"Listen, Letty-san. Money is important. It's true that it's a suddenly
acquired windfall, but that's precisely why we should use it carefully."

"Yeah, this *is* important, right?"

Just as Ellie was about to lecture her, she was met with a devastating
counter. Her mouth opened and closed in dumbfounded silence, unable to
say anything.

She felt her face gradually turning red. *Ahem*, she cleared her throat
while inwardly grumbling a complaint about why she even possessed such
an out-of-place function.

"...I'm happy that you care so much, Letty-san. But, we confirmed today
that we can manage without it, right?"

"Yes, that's right."

"Then, thinking about our future living expenses, I believe we should
save what we can."

Ellie was concerned her argument would lack conviction with such a
flustered expression. She pulled herself together to manage a more
serious facade, albeit with some twitching, and continued to try and
persuade Letty. But—

"I understand, but... we haven't decided to spend it all. Besides, if
it's about money to cover living expenses, we can just earn it together,
right?"

As if it were obvious. Or perhaps it only seemed that way because she
was usually lacking in expression. But to Ellie, it appeared as if it
were perfectly obvious.

She read too deeply into the possible implications and buried her face
in her hands, utterly defeated.

"...Ellie?"

"Um, Letty-san... just now too... please stop saying things that are bad
for my heart... I mean, I don't have a heart, but..."

Probably, no, definitely, Letty had no such intention. Still, the
consideration of being a part of Letty's future as if it were the most
natural thing in the world felt overwhelmingly joyful.

*I must be making a very strange face right now.* Ellie thought that as
she remained hunched over with her face hidden.

\*\*\*

"Anyway, nothing’s for sure until we first confirm if it's even been
excavated and the parts are available in stores."

Meanwhile, Ellie managed to pull her thoughts back from spiraling
dangerously out of control; she was on the verge of fantasizing about
them living together in a small white house on a hill. She recovered
somehow and, after clearing her throat, spoke up.

"That's right... So, for our immediate plan, we'll go back to Valandia,
talk to His Highness and Georg, and if nothing’s there, then Cordor, I
guess."

"That would be the plan.” Ellie then looked like she suddenly remembered
something. “...Oh, it'll take over a week if we walk. What do you want
to do?"

Letty tilted her head in thought. Then, after a moment of silence, she
finally spoke. "Hmm... walking is fine, isn't it? If Ellie wants to fix
things quickly, I can rent a horse, though."

Ellie waved her hand lightly, "No, walking is fine for me, I'm okay. I
don't feel sick or anything like that."

A small sigh of relief escaped Letty. Ellie looked at her with a puzzled
expression.

"Oh, that's good then. We were so rushed back then. I wanted to walk
slowly with you, Ellie."

Seeing Letty nod contentedly, Ellie reached her limit. Trembling
slightly, she edged closer while remaining in her kneeling posture.

"Letty-san, you know, I know you don't do this on purpose, but... I have
a lot I want to say, but can I just hug you for now?"

"...Eh? Of course, you can, but... you're acting a bit strange."

Saying that with a puzzled expression, Letty spread her arms wide,
beckoning. Ellie, who had been holding back so much since they were in
the forest, couldn't contain herself and practically leaped into the
hug.

With such strong momentum, they both tumbled onto the bed.

Letty chuckled softly, "...Ellie really is strange."

As she let herself be hugged, she returned the embrace.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Leaving this place, heading to the next.

Departures are always a fine line between sadness and anticipation.

Along the way, familiar landscapes appear anew.

Up next: What the Journey Reveals

It's common for the same path to look different.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_027.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_029.md)

