[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_005.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_007.md)



## Chapter 31: Beyond the Clutches

Georg acted quickly after opting to "buy" the information.

Of course, other than when he slowly removed his hands from the bed to
show he had no hostile intent.

He boldly turned his back on Letty, the intruder, and casually made his
way towards the door, calling out to the sentry, "I'm opening it."
Perhaps surprised that Georg, whom they thought was asleep, had spoken,
a momentary scuffle could be heard. Without minding it, Georg opened the
door and addressed the sentry.

"It's urgent. I'm going to *that room*. No need for an escort. You two
just pretend you're guarding me here. ...Oh, and she's... the spy I
hired the other day."

He wasn't lying. With such phrasing, he then gestured with his hand for
Letty to follow. She complied, following Georg as if it were the most
natural thing in the world. As she passed through the door, she gave a
slight bow to the sentries.

They were quite startled by the sudden appearance of a spy—widening
their eyes and exchanging a glance—as they had failed to notice her
presence in the room. Unconcerned by their reactions, the two continued
walking deeper into the barracks.

They passed through the darkened halls without hesitation. Inwardly,
Georg was impressed by Letty's surprisingly confident gait, as if she
could see through the dimly lit corridor. Soon, they arrived at a
certain room. This room, too, naturally was being guarded by two
sentries.

"Excuse me, urgent business. Is His Highness resting?"

"Sir, he... has some paperwork, so he's probably not resting yet. We
hear sounds from time to time."

*Again?* Hearing that he was continuing to work tirelessly, Georg could
only slump his shoulders and grumble inwardly for the Prince to get some
rest. As he was doing so—

*"Georg, is that you? Come in."* A voice beckoned from beyond the door.
And immediately after, *"Oh, if your companion also needs to enter, then
please do."*

To his discerning ears, Letty's eyebrows rose slightly in surprise.
Georg nodded calmly and unhesitatingly reached for the doorknob.

"Come on, time for your audience. Are you ready, informant?"

When she nodded in response, Georg grinned and opened the door.

\*\*\*

Beyond the door was a desk piled high with neatly arranged documents and
bookshelves filled with an enormous number of various materials. And
there, looking very much at home, was a boy... or rather, a young man of
that age. Blond hair and blue eyes, a picturesque handsome youth with a
slender build.

Though probably not yet twenty, his expression was strangely mature.
Letty confirmed that the symbol sewn onto his collar was that of the
Valandian Royal Family—a crest that would lead to immediate execution if
falsely claimed. Then, his finely shaped lips slowly parted.

"Oh my, I never expected you to bring such a beautiful woman. Did you
bring your fiancée at this hour?"

It was a casual remark utterly unexpected from his appearance. Ignoring
Letty’s momentary bafflement, Georg laughed and waved his hand.

"Ah, my apologies, but being engaged to her is something I'd rather not.
My neck wouldn't be safe. She's... an informant, at least for now."

The Prince didn't seem to take offense at Georg's blunt words and merely
gave a slight nod. Incidentally, the exchange between the two just now
had the following meaning between them:

*"I don't recognize her face, a new spy?"*

*"Unfortunately, no. Her true profession is likely that of an assassin.
She's here as an informant for now."*

This exchange went over even Letty’s head. She seemed somewhat taken
aback by the sudden volley of lighthearted remarks.

"Hmm... So, bringing her here in the middle of the night means the
information is valuable enough, I suppose?"

"At least I judged it to be so. After all, what she brought was
information about the diversion of supplies *to* the First Knight Order.
And the price she demanded was a meeting with Your Highness."

"I see. ...Indeed, that certainly sounds worth hearing."

Engaging in a remarkably relaxed exchange, the Prince occasionally
appraised Letty out of the corner of his eye. ...It seemed she had met
with his approval as the Prince finally turned his entire body to face
her and addressed her once again.

"I don't think an introduction is necessary, but just in case: I am
Leonhardt Ixos von Valandia. The First Prince of the Kingdom of
Valandia. What is your name?"

He faced the suspicious female informant with a relaxed smile, without
even an eyebrow twitching. Enduring the subtle pressure that threatened
to overwhelm her, Letty opened her mouth.

"My name is Egret. A mere runner for an informant. Since I've received
the payment in advance for this meeting, I shall fulfill my end of the
deal."

With that preamble, she began to speak.

The Count of Azar was diverting goods to the First Knight Order, the
nature and quantity of which were believed to be militaristic. She
continued to speak about the exchange between the Count of Azar and a
man believed to be Dian's subordinate in the western forest, and that
the next transaction was to be in a week.

She paused, and seeing that the two had processed the information to
some extent, she then explained why she had forced contact... and her
speculation about future developments.

As they listened to Letty's story, both men grew increasingly grave, and
the atmosphere turned rigid.

For a while, silence reigned.

"Georg, why don't we fire our spies and hire her instead?" The Prince
uttered with a sigh.

"Your Highness, now’s not the time for making jokes." Georg replied with
a serious face. The lighthearted remark seemed to ease the tension.

With a wry smile at Letty, who had remained silent after finishing her
tale, the Prince continued.

"Well, in short, it's as you've surmised. I believe we shouldn't invade
or expand any further... *at this point in time*. At the very least, our
nation's production cannot withstand any further expansion of the front
line. It's only natural that I cannot endorse a policy that I know will
eventually collapse, isn't it? That's why I went to great lengths to
somehow get the Third Knight Order stationed here, but..."

The Prince's gesture of shrugging with outstretched hands, though
theatrical, felt strangely natural. There was no hint of acting in his
expression, yet there was a strange intensity about him.

"I never thought it would come to this... I didn't think Oscar was such
a fool." Georg followed up with a wry, yet stern expression, and the
Prince returned a bitter smile.

"Perhaps the Chancellor... or my mother. Or even both. Oscar is simply
too loyal. Unfortunately."

"It almost sounds like you're calling me disloyal."

"I'd like you to take it as me appreciating that you speak your mind.
Now. Your information was certainly valuable. But you didn't just come
here to convey that, did you?"

He casually cut short the master-and-retainer comedy routine that had
been playing out for a while. He fixed her with an appraising gaze. The
pressure in that gaze, even at his young age, carried the weight of a
cunning politician. If Letty hadn't been somewhat accustomed to such
gazes, she might have been overwhelmed. She gave a small nod to the
Prince.

"...I wish to use you based on this information. Naturally, you are free
to use us as well. We do not wish to see the town of Azar suffer. You do
not wish for an invasion. I believe our interests align."

Hearing her proposal, the Prince pondered for a moment. Her abilities,
deducible from the preceding events and Georg's demeanor. And the
potential future developments with consideration to utilizing those
abilities.

He shifted his gaze from Letty and immersed himself in thought, while
Georg subtly changed his position. He moved to a spot where he could
immediately interpose himself between the Prince and Letty. She found
herself somewhat impressed by their non-verbal coordination. After some
time had passed, the Prince looked up and smiled.

"Indeed, your proposal is enticing. So, I will ask you in turn. ...Are
you prepared to become our accomplice?"

As the Prince grinned, Letty became keenly aware that with his response
came a crucial turning point.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The meeting dances, and intentions are probed.

Cards are sought and found, played and discarded.

Sharing a boat in a hostile land, what comes next?

Up next: Clandestine Conspiring

Will this move be lucky or unlucky?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_005.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_007.md)

