[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 47: As King

"…What happened? Was that… Egret…?"

Her scream echoed, and immediately after, a look of realization had
crossed her face. The resolve in her eyes solidified, her form
shimmered, and then… she vanished.

The sight was uncannily similar to the fairy tales he'd once heard. The
Prince shook his head in disbelief, but seeing the same expressions on
the knights around him, he knew it wasn't his imagination.

*So that’s it, she…*

And yet.

*It’s quite different from what the stories say, isn’t it?*

He couldn't help but let out a chuckle. And, to his surprise, he felt a
sense of relief that she was as she was. After a moment of laughter, he
composed himself and looked at the knights, who were staring at him in
bewilderment.

"I believe those present here are knights among knights. Therefore… by
my name, Leonhardt, I command you: what transpired here, you shall never
speak of. For whatever reason, if it is uttered… they shall be executed
as punishment."

As the Prince declared solemnly, the knights raised their swords and
assumed a posture of oath. He nodded back to them.

*Even if they were to speak of it, it probably won’t significantly
affect her*, he thought. If she was indeed the legendary being he
suspected, then the danger would likely be to themselves.

She had killed the Queen, just as the legend foretold.

And she had helped the Prince, unlike anything in the legend.

The *Reaper*, also known as the *Kingslayer*. A being who would appear
from nowhere, slay the king, and then vanish without a trace.

That was the tale. But it seemed not all of it was true.

"With this, everything is over. Now, let the cleanup begin. Bear with me
just a little longer!" He raised his voice, as if motivating himself.

This was the true beginning. To reclaim the five years in which so much
was lost. To give a brighter future to as many people as possible.

He was about to head outside. He cast a glance at the fallen Queen. Her
form, half-returned to human from its monstrous state… was almost
pathetic. But he felt no sympathy.

"Mother, this is goodbye. I will become the king I believe in."

The path ahead would surely not be smooth. Yet, he was the one who had
decided to walk it.

Casting aside familial sentiment, he stepped out of the throne room.

\*\*\*

"Dammit, you guys, why did you come…? I told you to stay put."

Finally, a moment of respite. He looked around at his subordinates, who
had rushed in as reinforcements at the risk of being completely wiped
out.

"Well, you see? The Vice-Commander said, ‘I'll handle the rest, you all
go. Knowing the Commander, he's surely overdoing it’, and sent us."

"He said that, did he? Don't give me that... even though it helped."
Georg said, exasperated, as he looked around.

Comrades who had put their bodies on the line, literally gambling their
lives, and who had ultimately fallen. If reinforcements hadn't come, he
would undoubtedly have been among them. He felt both gratitude and
regret.

He took a deep breath. The familiar, rusty smell of iron. He would
surely be thrown into such a world again.

Yet, if he could still stand for what he believed in, then that, in
itself, would surely be the best outcome.

Suddenly, he heard a voice, "Georg, are you alright?!" He spun around as
if struck, in time to see the Prince galloping towards them with his
knights.

*...Ah, there’s a lot fewer.* Thinking that, he raised his heavy,
exhausted arm to his liege.

"Against all odds, I survived! And Your Highness, are you safe?!"

*They say experience makes a man. If so, how much has this young man
accumulated? He’s gained an air of dignity.* Georg thought, quite
uncharacteristically.

And for what must have been the umpteenth time, he felt reassured. *It
seems I’ve made the right choice*.

"This is... I never thought you'd actually pull it off."

"Ah, this... this is all thanks to them. And perhaps the Vice-Commander
too."

Saying this, he proudly surveyed the subordinates behind him. Every
single one of them exuded confidence, as if saying, "We did it." He
narrowed his eyes, knowing it was true.

"Is that so? ...I'll hear the details later. I'm sorry, Georg, everyone.
Just a little more, I need your strength."

"Of course, if it's His Highness's command... By the way, where are
Egret and Ellie?"

He had fully expected everything to be successfully concluded, and for
the two of them to be there. But they weren't, and the Prince's
expression told him something was wrong. His relaxed expression
tightened.

"I can't go into detail, but the two of them are missing. I order you to
search for them. You must find them!"

At his desperate voice, and above all, his expression, everyone
simultaneously saluted in understanding. It was an endearing sight,
seeing the earnestness of a young man, a thought Georg decided to keep
to himself.

"Leave it to us, even if it costs me my life, I will surely find them!
You, the reinforcement squad, immediately form into pairs! Squad
leaders, assemble, we'll divide the search areas!"

He whipped his tired mind and voice into action, barking out
instructions one after another. Whatever needed to be done didn't
matter.

If it meant saving those two, who had performed so outstandingly, no
amount of hardship was too great. Georg, and indeed all the knights,
thought so. The search teams were formed, bustling but disciplined.

Before long, the teams were organized and the knights dispersed.

\*\*\*

And less than two hours later—

Before night fell, the two were discovered nestled together.

.........The knights who found them seemed very awkward.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

All is finished, and the world is at peace.

But that is a fairy tale. Reality simply begins anew.

Let us tidy up what needs tidying.

Up next: Necessary Cleanup

So nothing is forgotten.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_021.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

