[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_015.md)



## Chapter 39: Battle for the Great Eastern Bridge

A little earlier, at the East Bridge—

The First Knight Order finally surged towards the makeshift defenses
built by Georg and his men.

As reported, their numbers were about 1,000 cavalry. The sight of
knights in well-maintained armor, meticulously lined up on horseback,
even looked magnificent despite them being the enemy.

From within their ranks a single man rode forward, clad in particularly
splendid armor and riding a magnificent steed.

"Georg, for old times' sake, withdraw! If you retreat, I will spare your
lives!!" His resonant voice echoed clearly, despite being about 100
meters away.

It was Oscar, the commander of the First Knight Order. As expected of a
seasoned commander, his voice carried well.

In response, Georg yelled back from behind the barricade, without
stepping out. "Ha! How kind of you! I'm so grateful I could weep!"

"...You're as crude as ever, Georg!" A slightly exasperated voice
returned his taunting reply. It was a familiar exchange, in a way,
between the two comrades. ...Though Oscar didn't seem to have grown fond
of it.

"Can't help it, can I? I wasn't raised in a fancy way!"

"...I see, so you intend to prolong this conversation to buy time."

*Tch*, Georg clicked his tongue softly at Oscar's calm demeanor, who
seemed to have realized his intention to provoke. “You're only sharp
about things like this, you bastard."

The less time spent in a direct clash, the better. The enemy had five
times their strength; a direct engagement wouldn't last long.

So he'd hoped to buy even a little time, but it wasn't going as smoothly
as he wished. Still, it was too early to give up.

"Hey Oscar, for old times' sake, I'll tell you something good. Let's
settle this with a brawl, throw away that staff and come at me!" From
behind the barricade, Georg theatrically pointed at Oscar's staff.

In response, Oscar's face twisted into an expression of clear disdain.
"It's so transparent it's almost insulting, isn't it? Are you really
that afraid of this?"

As Oscar displayed the staff with a mocking expression, Georg became
visibly flustered. "Of course I am, you idiot! Ugh, don't point it this
way!"

It wasn't unreasonable; the staff... if its power were unleashed, it
could blow away their flimsy barricade, along with them, without a
trace. He'd inadvertently boasted and threatened, but even that time was
precious.

"I'll say it one more time. Withdraw."

"Shut up! This is a gamble now, just try and do it if you can!"

"...I see, what a shame.” Oscar raised the staff towards the sky,
speaking solemnly. “*Thunder Emperor*, I command you, wield your power
in response to my plea!"

...

.........

............

A lengthy, disconcertingly silent moment—

—Yet nothing happened.

"Wh-what? What's going on?" Oscar instinctively stared at the staff, ran
his hand over it as if checking it, then recited the incantation once
more and raised it to the sky.

—Still, nothing happened.

"Wh-what..."

“...Hahahahahahaha!!” A grating, vulgar laugh filled the air. Looking
over, Georg was slapping his hands together ostentatiously, mocking him.
“I told you, didn't I? Throw away that staff and come at me!!!"

...In reality, he had been drenched in a cold sweat up until this
moment.

It was the clear weakness of the *Thunder Emperor's Staff*, as Ellie had
described. Naturally, he couldn't be certain until he experienced it
firsthand, but it had now been proven true. And seeing Oscar's
dumbfounded face, it was impossible not to laugh.

"Georg, what did you do?!"

Starting with a look of exasperation, Georg relentlessly provoked him,
laughing vulgarly and seemingly enjoying himself. "I didn't do anything!
How could I? What, has Oscar-sama really not been told anything?"

His gaze, however, was closely observing the First Knight Order's
knights.

They were clearly confused and shaken by the unexpected turn of events.

"You... you bastard!! What do you know? What?!"

"Ohh... You really don't know, do you? Well then, allow me to enlighten
you."

Of course, he couldn't have known. Even Prince Leonhardt hadn't known.
Perhaps even the Queen was unaware. Georg proudly shared the
information.

"That *Staff*, you see, it's made so it can't defy its master! Hey, look
behind us, what do you see? And then, how far does that *Staff* reach?"

"...Huh? Wh-what...? Behind me... No way...?"

Looking back as instructed, he saw the cityscape of the royal capital,
and beyond that... the royal castle towering over everything. And then,
he realized as he chewed on Georg's words. At this distance, if one
wished, it could reach.

"Do you understand now? Don’t you see that that staff can't be used in
the direction of its master? And right in this direction, we have our
very important and precious Queen, don't we?!"

"Y-you bastard, that's disrespectful!!"

"Oh, come on now... you're doing something utterly disrespectful, so
it's a bit late for that, isn't it?" To Georg's exasperated retort,
Oscar's face turned beet red in response, but he couldn't argue back.

Indeed, this was why they had wanted to reach the royal capital as
quickly as possible. The conditions were entirely different depending on
whether they succeeded or not.

Incidentally, the *Thunder Emperor* would still activate if aimed
towards the capital from a distance where it clearly couldn't reach.
That's why Oscar, who had never used it near the capital, didn't know.
Of course, the Queen, who had never wielded the staff herself, shouldn't
have known either.

Only Ellie was aware.

"So, what will you do, Oscar? Why don't you take a look around and
reconsider your position?"

"Huh? What...?!"

Oscar looked around as instructed and was shocked. The knights
surrounding him were clearly agitated, and their morale had dropped
significantly.

"Well, of course. You guys have always fought with that *Staff* as your
crutch, and you intended to do the same today, didn't you? How many of
you came here intending to die today?!"

When Georg's provocative words flew, hardly anyone felt insulted. Most
averted their gaze and lowered their heads... and Oscar was further
appalled by their reaction.

Originally, the First Knight Order was an elite vanguard, their status
equal to that of the Imperial Knights. But that changed after they were
given the *Staff* and became invincible, achieving victory with almost
no casualties.

In other words, it became widely known that they were the spearhead of
invasions, guaranteed to win and gain military honors. This led to
second and third sons of high-ranking nobles being forcibly placed in
the Order for prestige. With hefty donations, they couldn't be refused,
and it had yet to cause any significant problems.

Furthermore, as expected of high-ranking nobles' sons, many were
obedient, understanding, and serious, and their training was
exceptionally well-done. The current First Knight Order was highly
impressive-looking, with splendid equipment thanks to abundant funding
and well-trained knights moving in an orderly fashion.

That's why few realized it. They lacked experience and the resolve to
face death.

And Georg, who had repeatedly survived countless brutal battles, had
keenly sensed this. Relying on Ellie's information wasn't just a huge
gamble. He saw a path to victory.

"Don't falter! We outnumber them five to one! There's no way we can
lose!"

"That's true, but... the first 200 that charge will definitely die, and
if it comes to it, we'll take you down with us! So... are you going to
do it?!"

Just as a spark of morale seemed to ignite for a moment, Georg doused
them in the cold water of reality. The First Knight Order flinched and
began to fall back. Seeing this, the astounded Oscar’s face suddenly lit
up with an idea, and he re-gripped his staff.

Then, he unleashed the power of the *Thunder Emperor*… Towards his own
rear.

A deafening roar and a blinding flash that seemed to burn their eyes.
When it ended, the knights, though nearly losing their footing, had
stopped moving.

"...Don't fall back. Next time, I'll hit you. If I aim behind me, the
staff can be used. So choose: the dishonor of being killed by me, or the
chance to advance and seize victory!!"

The knights paled at the meaning of his words, looking at each other.
Georg, listening, muttered, "That's the worst way to command."

Nevertheless, the knights... seeing certain death as the alternative,
began to advance forward past Oscar.

"Good! That's the proud First Knight Order! Let's go, strike down the
rebels!!" With that, the staff was swung forward as a signal to advance.

With faces wreathed with a tragic desperation, the knights charged.
Unfortunately lacking any real impact.

They had crossed perhaps more than two-thirds of the bridge, and just as
they thought they were about to engage the enemy—

“"Fire!!""

Came the command, and—

*Whoosh*, a strange, composite sound of multiple objects cutting through
the air.

"Agyah!"

"Gugah!"

"D-defend! Defend!"

Screams immediately rang out, along with angry shouts to quickly raise
shields.

It was a simultaneous volley from the crossbow units positioned on both
flanks, fired diagonally. If it were done with guns or artillery, it
would have been called a crossfire.

A typical volley would just hit the front line of a unit. However,
arrows fired diagonally in a crossfire, if they don't hit the very front
line, continue to travel behind them, almost always hitting someone
eventually. As a result, this type of shooting swept widespread damage
across the unit.

"Crossbows! They can't shoot again immediately! Now's our chance!" The
voice of a commanding officer could be heard as the rain of arrows
briefly subsided and a moment of quiet returned.

Just as they frantically tried to advance, thinking he was right, at the
next moment—

""Fire!!""

Another command.

Another sound of cutting through air.

Another scream.

Just as they tried to charge, another crossfire was unleashed upon them.

"Wh-what...?"

Squinting, they saw that the people at the front of the crossbow units
on both flanks had changed.

The units on the left and right flanks had been further divided into two
sub-units, allowing for two consecutive volleys.

Crossbows, while powerful, require strength and time to reload. This was
a tactic to compensate for that, even if only once.

They certainly couldn't fire another volley immediately after this, but—

"Nooo!! I don't want to die, I don't want to die!!"

"Don't push, don't push!"

It was enough to crush the spirit of those who had been forced to
advance under threat. Their advance stopped, and they began pushing and
shoving against the knights coming from behind them.

Again, the roar of thunder echoed.

*Flinch!* They froze, trembling. With composure nowhere to be found, and
faces weeping, they frantically began to resume their advance.

Looking at the faces of the knights arrayed on either side, Georg smiled
with a sense of reassurance. "Finally, it's really happening... You
bastards! ...No need to check now, is there?"

The engagement was finally about to happen. This meant... no matter how
seasoned the knights were, there would be casualties.

But they all had good, resolute expressions, having forcibly swallowed
that reality and held their ground.

"Here they come! Front line, engage!! Stand firm, you hear me?!"

Long spears were brought down on the enemy clinging to the barricade.
Unpleasant sounds resonated, and the clatter of falling armor was heard.
Even as the enemy tried to push forward, the second line thrust their
spears. To support them from the side, the crossbow units, having
managed to pull their strings and re-prepare, unleashed a volley.

Clanging metal, the suffocating smell of iron.

Lives snuffed out mercilessly and easily—it was a glimpse of the all too
commonplace hell of the world.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

She had been quite far from here.

The place had changed enough for her to feel the passage of time, yet it
was also familiar.

There was no time to savor it.

Up next: Something of a Homecoming

Without even time to say, "I'm home."


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_013.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_015.md)

