[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_048.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 73: A Human Morning

...And then, Serge awoke to the morning light. There was a slight
languor, but his head was remarkably clear compared to usual. Taking a
slow breath, he caught a familiar scent mingling with the usual
mustiness of the sheets, a smell he hadn't experienced in a long time.

...He gave a wry smile, thinking, *I guess I haven't forgotten it, after
all.*

They had both grown older. He knew that, and understood it well. Would
she get angry if he were to say that they still fit together
surprisingly well?

Suddenly, he noticed a drifting aroma and sat up. *I guess I've smelled
this many times before, too*, he thought, while getting out of bed and
stretching. His joints ached slightly, but it wasn't enough to bother
him.

After a quick tidy-up, he peeked into the kitchen. As expected, her back
came into view.

"Oh, you're awake already? I was going to wake you later."

"I just got up, somehow. Can I help with anything?"

"No thanks. If you touch anything, you'll just get in the way. Sit
quietly."

She waved him off, so he reluctantly sat down at the table. ...It wasn't
his imagination that the room was tidier than usual.

After a short wait, breakfast was served. A simple soup, and the bread,
perhaps bought fresh from the bakery this morning, was still soft. A
common, familiar meal. He briefly offered a prayer and began to eat.

"...It feels like I've greeted a normal morning for the first time in a
long while."

"Really, if I leave you alone, you don't do anything."

He gave a small apology under her chiding tone. Perhaps it was because
they had grown older that they could both accept this about each other.
Her words had thorns, but they were withered and blunted.

A short silence followed.

"Hey, Serge. Sometime, when you have time, will you draw me again?"

"Again? I've drawn many paintings of you, haven't I?"

And during those times, she had been nervous, or bored... at least, she
hadn't seemed to like it.

"That's true, but... I've started wanting you to draw me as I am now.
...Or do you maybe dislike drawing an old woman like me?"

*How long has it been since she's shown such a bashful expression?*
Caught off guard, he himself felt embarrassed.

"No, not at all. You're... you're still charming, Matilda."

"Haha, that's nice to hear. Well, I guess so, at least... enough to make
you feel better, right?"

With her unexpected teasing, he nearly spluttered his soup and choked.
He coughed for a while, wiped his mouth, and then—

"...Could you stop saying things like that first thing in the morning…"
He protested, yet his expression didn't seem entirely displeased. There
was certainly a part of him that was enjoying this exchange. "In that
case, shall I start drawing today? I need to wait for that painting to
dry, after all."

"Huh? No, that's a bit too sudden, I have things to do at home too.” It
was Matilda's turn to panic at Serge's eagerness. Still, counting on her
fingers and nodding that the schedules would line up, she was hardly any
different. “So, you're painting that other picture again tomorrow... how
about the day after tomorrow?"

Serge nodded back. "Alright, then, let's start the day after tomorrow."

His current self, drawing her as she was now. That alone gave him a
sense of exhilaration.

...Though, he couldn't explain why he was in such a hurry.

\*\*\*

After finishing and clearing away breakfast, she even did some light
cleaning. Matilda also washed Serge's clothes and, while she was at it,
smoothed out the wrinkles of what he was planning to wear for the day.

"Here, try to look a bit sharper, okay? Especially since those young
ladies are coming!"

*Smack!* She slapped his back and showed a smile, then Matilda left to
head back home. He coughed again, protesting with teary eyes while
watching her leave. Then, returning alone to the room, he let out a
sigh.

"Oh, man, this is tough... My schedule's all messed up." As he said
that, he looked at the canvas he had intended to paint.

To paint the pictures Mardani demanded for his livelihood… That desire
had completely vanished. Besides, he had given him several pieces the
other day, so he probably wouldn't come for a while.

"This is really tough... truly. To have two paintings I want to paint."

He still wanted to paint the picture with Letty as the model. And he
also desperately wanted to paint Matilda. He just felt that the urge to
paint them stemmed from slightly different places.

He gazed intently at the unfinished painting. *Let's do more this way, a
little like that*, his painter's instinct seemed to call out to him. It
hadn't subsided; the continuation of yesterday's concept immediately
welled up.

Then, *why did I want to draw Matilda?*

"...Really, what to do..."

Coming to a realization, Serge covered his face with both hands. It
seemed he wanted to draw her as a human being. The realization made him
intensely embarrassed and shy.

"...What kind of face am I going to make when those two arrive now...?"
He mumbled, at a loss.

*Maybe I could somehow deceive them?* As he thought about this, a
brilliant idea came to him. He was sure he could fool them with this. No
doubt. He was convinced.

\*\*\*

"Eh. ...Eh?"

It was after Serge made a certain proposal. Letty snuck occasional
glances at Ellie, looking troubled by the reaction, and—

"Master, you're going to draw a picture of the two of us?! And multiple
poses?! Please, please, I'll get on my hands and knees and beg, do
anything, I'll pay any price, please!"

Ellie was already prostrating herself.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

He had lived that way.

He was living this way.

Since all of it shaped him, then this that he painted must surely be...

Up Next: What Was Poured into That Brush

And what does that brush paint?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_048.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

