[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_053.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 78: Fleeting Days of Brilliance

And so, the days of Serge immersing himself in painting began.

Since Matilda visited, he could get a decent meal every other day.
Because Ellie intently watched his brushstrokes, he couldn't slack off.
Because Letty modeled without moving, he couldn't help but respond to
her dedication.

...He felt *fulfilled*.

Perhaps that's why his brush felt light. Images came easily, the colors
he mixed fit perfectly, and he could place them exactly where he
intended. He could survey the whole and maintain balance, yet also
render details without deficiency.

Undoubtedly, his progress was smoother than ever before. He could see
the overall balance while also executing the finer details perfectly.
Was this what it meant to be in a flow state?

And the world being created in this way was truly...

Ellie peered in as he put down his brush, signaling the end for the day.
"Haah... today is even more amazing... Yesterday was amazing too, but
the level of perfection has gone up even further\\..."

Serge took a breath, composed himself slightly, and then gazed at his
painting once more. Then, he nodded. "I'm glad to hear you say that. If
I may say so myself... my brush has really been flowing lately."

Even looking at it again, it was progressing well. The world he wanted
to paint was almost entirely visible there.

Letty, who had been peering in while gently stretching, suddenly spoke
up. "...I've been thinking this for a while, but... how much more do you
have to paint until it's finished?"

He paused, then shrugged his shoulders, looking troubled.

"To put it bluntly, it may never be ‘finished.' You can keep painting
indefinitely if you wish. Basically, it's until I'm satisfied. This
time, there's a competition deadline, so I can't do that, though..."

With oil painting, where layers can be applied, it’s possible can paint
over existing colors. This layering can create unique textures, and some
painters layer extensively to achieve that. Though Serge's current
painting didn't demand that level of thickness.

"I think... We might see the end in about two, no, three more days."

The world that was almost entirely visible, the world he wanted to
paint, was there. Yet, it wasn't enough. It wasn't sufficient yet. From
this point on, it was almost entirely a matter of nuance. A process of
adjusting subtle imperfections against his own sensibility.

Still, with his current self…

He surely ought to be able to paint it to his satisfaction.

"Only that much left... It feels like it went by in a flash, even though
it's been nearly a month."

Having immersed himself in the work, Serge had spent over 10 days on
both Letty's and Matilda's paintings. Just one month, yet it was an
incredibly significant one. The two pieces showed remarkable progress.
In the meantime, Ellie's painting had also improved considerably. She
was now at a level where she could begin practicing layering colors.

This intense month was condensed into those paintings.

"Has it really been that long...? I'll ask for your company for just a
little while longer. Please... stay until the very end."

As Serge pleaded, both nodded.

"After coming this far, it's too late to back out now. I'm also looking
forward to its completion."

"Of course! I'll see Master's painting through to the very end!"

*...Ah.*

*I’m glad I called out to them back then.*

*Truly glad.*

He was sure he could paint something satisfying.

"Both of you... truly, thank you."

It wasn’t over yet. Still, he couldn't stop the tears from welling up.

\*\*\*

And so, after they left, it was the usual, solitary night.

"Gah! *Cough*, ah, guh! Ha, hak, *cough*!!"

Coughing alone, as was typical for his nights. During the day, perhaps
thanks to his medicine, it was suppressed. Still, gradually, he felt his
lungs burning with a dull ache even during the day. At night, when he
coughed like this, the pain in his lungs seemed to increase. The
duration also seemed longer.

Most of all, the exhaustion after it subsided, as he lay there, was even
worse.

"Ah, just... just a little more... couldn't you just behave...?"

The ceiling he dazedly looked up at was at an unfamiliar height. It
seemed far, far away. Unreachable. As if he himself were sinking into
the earth.

He clutched the floor, struggling, twisting his body as if to escape.

Not yet.

Not yet.

He couldn't sink yet.

"I knew you'd be like this, you blockhead."

Suddenly, Serge heard a voice that shouldn't have been there. Lying on
the floor, he slowly lifted his head. His face hardened in surprise, and
his lips trembled as if to speak, but no words came out.

"Oh, it's fine, you don't have to talk. You want to ask why I'm here,
right? Well, you know. Even if we're exes, we were married, so there are
some things I can just sense, right?"

"Ellie-chan and Egret-chan didn't seem to notice," she added, a little
smugly. Her smile contained a hint of sadness.

"Here, lean on me. Let's get you to bed. I know I can't stop you... so
at least get some rest."

His powerless body was supported. He found himself thinking, *She's
gotten strong*, an out-of-place thought. He himself... was thinner than
he had realized. His body was weak, but with help, he could still walk.

"...Sorry... even for this... I'm sorry..." Muttering like a delirium,
he finally reached the bed. Compared to the cold, hard floor, it was
better, even if it smelled musty. He let out a sigh of relief.

"Do you have any medicine? ...Oh, you keep it there, huh? I'll get it,
just stay in bed."

*Has she always been so sharp?* He thought so, watching her briskly take
care of him.

...Perhaps he had been naive after all. That's why it was. And why it
was now.

It was also futile to say it. He could only reminisce about the days
gone by.

"Here, open your mouth... don't spill it, okay?"

He was held up and given medicine. Perhaps because the attack had
subsided, the water seemed to soak into his body, and the medicine felt
effective.

"Ah... sorry, really..."

"Fool, this is when you say thank you."

She patted his head. Gently, with a sorrowful softness. Her eyes seemed
to see everything.

"...Ah, thank... you..."

"Now, go to sleep. ...Tomorrow, you'll be drawing me, after all..."

There were things he wanted to say. But he swallowed them. The hand that
was gently stroking him to sleep was suddenly grasped firmly.

He looked, noticing her eyes, trembling as if clinging to him.

"You idiot…” And with a wry smile, “I came at this hour, so of course
that's the plan."

Slowly, their two shadows merged.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Birth, aging, sickness, death.

It is said that humans cannot escape these four sufferings.

Yet, the struggle, the striving, in the midst of suffering, can never be
in vain.

Up Next: Wouldn't It Be Loverly?

You are eternal to me.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_053.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

