[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 51: Confirmation and Countermeasures

"*Whew*…” Ellie, having finished her experiments, breathed a sigh of
relief. “But I'm a little relieved. Just being able to fire the Blaster
means I can still be useful."

"That's true... I can ask you to handle opponents I'm not good at."

To be honest, there was the possibility that she wouldn't even be able
to fire the Mana Blaster, but that fear turned out to be unfounded. That
said, things couldn't just be left as they were.

*Now…what to do?*

"It's inconvenient not being able to use Mana Bolt, and above all, the
Blaster's output is unstable, so... I'd really like to get it properly
fixed."

"Can it be fixed?"

"If I had the parts, somehow, yes... but..."

"Where are they?"

"...They should have been with *Wiskeraf* back then, but, well, you
know…"

“Ahahaha.” A dry, forced laugh escaped her. That place was, of course,
the one they had just blown up the other day. She couldn't imagine any
usable parts possibly remaining.

"Is there a chance Valandia collected them?"

"I won’t say definitely not, but they wouldn't know what they were
looking at, so it wouldn't be surprising if they were lost hmm..."

"What about the ruins where we first met?"

"That was a frontline base, mainly for emergency repairs and simple
adjustments, so probably not..."

"I see, so..."

They listed all possible scenarios, but nothing seemed certain. They
exchanged troubled glances.

"If they're not in Valandia... then there’s not much of a chance,
right... The only other possibility is if the facilities in the Imperial
Capital are still intact."

"I see... Where is the Imperial Capital?"

"Further south. Let's look at a map when we get back to the room."

"Mm, got it. You know I'm not bothered by this, right?"

"It's because I know that, that’s why it’s a problem, you know..."

She clung to Letty's arm, and Letty gently stroked her head. Ellie hated
her own cunning for clinging, knowing Letty would comfort her and taking
full advantage of it, yet she didn't want to let go.

After being petted for a while—

"We've pretty much sorted out the situation. Let's go before anyone
comes. It would be a bit troublesome if someone saw all this." Saying
that, Letty gestured towards the fallen trees.

"Ah, that's right.” It was then that Ellie looked at the destruction,
“...Huh?" Something felt off. She stared intently at one particular
tree.

"...Ellie? Is something wrong?"

"Oh, no, it's just... right now, that tree... huh?"

"...That tree?" Echoing her, Letty also looked.

It was when both of them looked at the fallen tree at the same time. The
odd feeling transformed into certainty.

"Letty-san, I'm sorry. Could you look at that tree for a while?"

"Eh, I can, but..." She trailed off as she looked at Ellie in confusion,
but then, sensing the seriousness in Ellie's request, she nodded and
looked at the tree again.

Ellie slowly, slowly, took a deep breath.

"Mana Bolt," she declared. She fired a small lump of mana.

...It unmistakably followed a familiar trajectory and directly hit the
tree Letty was looking at.

"Ellie? What in the world is this...?"

"Um, Letty-san, now that tree over there!"

"O-okay..."

She didn't understand, but she looked at another tree as she was told.
And again, a bullet was fired. It directly hit the tree Letty was
looking at.

"...Does this mean...?"

"Um... I think it's probably *Sensory Sharing* or *Synesthetic
Correction*. A phenomenon where the Mana Doll can perceive the object
the Master is aware of. The ability to target things effectively
increases when the Master and the Mana Doll look at the same thing."

While Ellie was bewildered, Letty, who completely didn't understand the
situation, was finding it even more difficult to follow.

"Is that something that can happen? It hasn’t ever happened before, has
it?"

"Um, normally it should only be possible with an A-rank Arch Mage or
higher, those with the highest authority. But Letty-san is B-rank..."

"I see, so it's an anomaly. That’s easy enough to understand."

In the end, Letty could accept it because she didn't fully grasp the
situation, while Ellie couldn't accept it precisely because she
understood too well.

However, with no proper environment to gather measurements, all Ellie
could do was sigh in resignation, knowing it would be useless to try and
grasp any reasonable conclusions. She released the arm she was still
clinging to and looked at the tree again.

"Is it enough to just know that I can use it if I look at the same
target as Letty-san?”

“...Huh?" Ellie blinked a few times. "Letty-san, could you look at that
again, one more time?"

"Eh, okay."

Called out to, Letty tilted her head in confusion, though she still
looked at the indicated tree again. Ellie, likewise, gazed at it.

"Mana Bolt."

...And then, the mana bullet flew off in the wrong direction.

Then, she grabbed Letty’s arm and—

"Mana Bolt," quietly chanted. This time it hit perfectly.

"...Ellie?"

"It seems... if I stick close to Letty-san…it hits?"

Still half in doubt, she had no choice but to come to such a conclusion.

"That's better than not being able to use it at all, but..."

She pressed on despite Letty's exasperation. "Isn't it great? Let's hold
hands and have lovey-dovey battles!"

"...You know that's not realistic, right?"

"...Yes..." She nodded weakly.

Letty, in turn, petted Ellie's head as if to comfort her.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Having been created as a tool, she must not be flawed.

Even thinking that, this treatment makes her want to hold back.

What is this treatment?

Next time: Her and Her Choice

Somehow, she understands it, but…


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_026.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

