[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_041.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_043.md)



## Chapter 66: What Was Seen There

After a brief pause, the sketching began anew.

In the same pose as before, looking out the window, Serge changed his
sitting position to capture her from the right side. After adjusting the
chair and easel for a while, he unhurriedly took up his charcoal. Again,
the sounds of carving something echoed through the room.

Ellie had wondered why he chose a composition that only showed the back
of Letty's head, looking out the window. But as the work progressed, she
understood.

Long, black hair.

What she had thought was just that, she now realized was not that
simple.

The afternoon light streaming through the window softened her
silhouette. The lustrous black hair that framed her body seemed to
gather light as it moved from inside to out. It faded, disappearing as
if melting into the ambiguous boundary between light and shadow.

"Alright, Egret-san, good work."

"...Are you finished already?"

That voice snapped Ellie back to reality. The moment she saw Letty stand
up and turn to face her, Ellie instinctively rushed forward and hugged
her.

"Eh, wait, Ellie? ...What's wrong, what on earth... H-hey, that
tickles..." Letty protested faintly, having been hugged and then
suddenly groped, but Ellie paid it no mind.

After thoroughly feeling her body to confirm, she murmured, "Good,
you're still here... you're still real..."

As Ellie voiced her relief, Letty gave her a slightly resentful look.
"...Ellie, I feel like I'm being treated very unfairly..."

Realizing this, Ellie hastily waved her hands as if to make amends. "Oh,
I'm sorry, it's just that... I felt like Letty-san had disappeared...
and I just had to confirm..."

"Eh, what could that even mean? Coming out of nowhere like that…"

"Look at this drawing! The moment I saw it, it just came over me..."
Ellie showed Letty the sketch she had been looking at. Letty looked at
it, and for a while, she was silent.

"...I guess I can understand why you reacted that way... Is this really
how I looked?" The moment Letty said that and turned to look at Serge,
Ellie froze as if struck by lightning. Serge looked at the trembling
Ellie with concern, wondering what was wrong.

"Yes, that's right... I've emphasized some parts a little, but for the
most part yes. I drew this to capture Egret-san's hair quality and her
relationship with the light, so I did exaggerate the lighting in some
areas."

"I see..." Seemingly convinced, Letty nodded and returned her gaze to
the sketch. The image of herself depicted there, compounded by her
turned face, conveyed a sense of unease, as if her corporeal form might
vanish at any moment.

...Letty recalled how she instinctively grasped Ellie's hand when she
once seemed on the verge of disappearing, and she averted her gaze
slightly, feeling a little awkward.

Then, she saw Ellie's face—the face of someone who had made up her mind
about something. “Hm?” Letty tilted her head.

"...Serge-san, I have a favor to ask."

"Yes? Of me?"

"Yes, it's something I can only ask of you."

Hearing her seriousness, different from her usual cheerful voice, Serge
instinctively straightened his posture and turned to face her. Staring
intently at Serge, Ellie opened her mouth.

"Please teach me how to draw!"

A moment of silence fell at the utterly unexpected request. Serge and
Letty were both left at a loss, blinking repeatedly as they stared at
Ellie.

"...Huh? W-well, I don't mind, but..."

"Ellie, what's gotten into you all of a sudden?"

Ellie looked between the two of them while they were still trying to
process the sudden outburst. For a while, she remained silent, as if
suppressing something. And then—

"I'm frustrated. Even though we were looking at the same thing,
Serge-san saw a Letty-san that I couldn't. I get not having the skill to
express it, but not being able to *see* it, it’s unbearable!"

Letty flinched at Ellie's earnest plea, but Serge received it with a
serious expression. “Understood.” He nodded gravely. "If you say so, I
will teach you to draw."

"Eh, but... don't you have to draw too, Serge?" Letty became flustered
by his heavy yet clearly definitive acceptance.

Serge smiled at her. "Yes, it will be while I'm drawing, but… I'm happy,
you know. To have someone who can discern the meaning in the art with
just this measly sketch."

Saying that, he gazed at the two finished sketches. Just two sketches.
But he had poured all he had into them. He was happy that his feelings
were seen through... that they had been conveyed.

"In my opinion, while it’s true that drawing requires skill, there's
another important thing. I believe that it’s the eye, or the mind. To
capture what you see. To interpret its meaning. To reconfigure it with
your own interpretation. Skill might just be for giving it form."

Although she had initially just been surprised by his skill, Ellie was
now surprised by his interpretation of the sketch he had drawn. It was
the first time he had been understood to that extent. And that made him
incredibly happy.

"Ellie-san, most of what I can teach you is technical. But through that
technique, you might start to see things similar to me. That's what you
want, isn't it?"

"Yes, that's exactly right." She nodded in affirmation.

Serge nodded back. "It probably won't be easy. Is that alright?"

"Of course! If it were easy, I'd be frustrated by that too!"

Her strong declaration was dazzling. Surely he too must have felt like
that at one point in time. He couldn't remember it anymore, though.

"Understood. Then, follow along closely."

"Yes, Serge-san! No, Master!"

*...Calling me "Master" might be a bit premature.* He thought with a wry
smile.

He hadn't taught her anything yet, and more than anything, he himself...

Nevertheless.

Since he had been called that, he decided he would work hard to live up
to such expectations.

He straightened his posture and turned back to the drawing.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

He took charcoal in hand and faced the canvas.

To draw the world he saw. To preserve what he wished to preserve.

Even though a towering wall stood right before him.

Up Next: The First Lesson

That time would surely be irreplaceable.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_041.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_043.md)

