[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_038.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_040.md)



## Chapter 63: The Weary Ways of This Transient World

"So, is it ready, Serge?" Mardani looked around the studio as he spoke.

To him, the dingy studio was a familiar sight. Even the haphazardly
placed artworks within it were insignificant in his eyes. Serge grumbled
inwardly as he brought the item out from the back.

"It's over here, Mardani-san. It's aged perfectly."

There lay an old-looking painting. It *appeared* old, but it was a
painting he had created.

The painting Ellie had seen through earlier hadn't been processed to
look old. That was intentional. If it were ever exposed, he could
pretend it was just a practice piece. If he had processed it with fading
or other treatments, there's no telling what kind of scrutiny might
follow.

Even if not known by the average person, there’s always a risk of
someone like Ellie—a person who treats information from that era as
everyday knowledge—coming along, and with it the risk of the forgery
being traced. That's why Mardani had thought:

*What if it were by a painter who genuinely existed and was known to a
certain degree by knowledgeable people, but whose works were largely
unknown beyond their name?*

His plan, unfortunately, succeeded. In recent times, with the widespread
availability of works by somewhat famous painters, it had become a
burgeoning trend for self-proclaimed art connoisseurs among the nobility
to collect and display works by "painters known only to those who know."
This was, to some extent, influenced by Mardani's own machinations.

And once this trend could be established, all he needed was to secure a
painter capable of recreating paintings from the ancient magical
civilization era. He could create any number of valuable works for the
nobility.

"Hmm, it's good. You've really captured that aged texture well, haven't
you?"

"Well, yes, I think I've also matched the style."

Serge knew Mardani had no interest in the painting's quality itself, but
he said it almost as a jab. Mardani, whether aware or not, simply
brushed it off.

"Alright, I'll take this. Ah, and this is your cut from the last one."

A leather pouch was casually placed on the table. Serge glanced at it,
his lips twisting in a sarcastic smile.

"Much obliged. This should keep me alive for a little while longer."

By the looks of it, there were probably 5 large gold coins inside—about
500,000 yen. This meant Mardani himself had likely sold it for 50
mithril silver coins, or about 50 million. Where there is money, there
are those who will spend it. He acknowledged that Mardani's nose for
finding such opportunities was genuine.

"Yes, do live long. You are a valuable painter, after all."

*—As a forger*, of course. They both understood that, without it needing
to be said.

...Mardani also knew that Serge wasn't truly content with it.

"Yes, I'll make sure to paint for as long as possible."

So, when Serge laced his response with sarcasm, Mardani's eyebrow didn't
even twitch.

\*\*\*

After Mardani left with the painting, Serge slumped weakly into a chair.

...He was tired.

Fatigue, weariness, and something more.

For a while, he couldn't stand against the oppressive weight of such
sensations.

He didn't know how much time had passed, but it was already completely
dark outside.

Finally, he managed to push himself up.

"Hah... nothing ever goes my way," he muttered, but it changed nothing.
If that was the case, he just had to do what needed to be done, one
thing at a time. He pushed himself to his feet and, leather pouch in
hand, headed outside.

The night air could be felt as summer drew to a close and the colors of
autumn began to reveal themselves. The slightly cooler breeze seemed to
irritate his body right after the fit, but he continued with heavy
steps, telling himself that this much was nothing.

Entering the town center, it was early evening, and the taverns were
already overflowing with revelers. He walked through the chaotic din
toward his destination.

First, to the apothecary. He settled his accumulated tab and paid for
the current month in advance, using one large gold coin.

To the landlord, for the rent, another coin. This included last month's
as well.

...Then he walked for a while, to a single private home. The shabbily
built one-story house had dirty brick walls. Light leaked from the gaps
in the lowered shutters, suggesting poor construction.

He knocked on the door a few times.

He sensed movement, then footsteps.

The door rattled open.

"Serge... what are you doing here at this hour?"

"Hey, Matilda. Just got a bit of unexpected income, you see. Consider it
child support, at least."

Matilda looked at Serge with a chiding gaze as he shrugged playfully.
She sighed. "I told you, you don't have to do that anymore. Yes, that
child is yours. But we've separated now..."

"I know. I know. But that's a separate issue. This is just something I
have to do." Saying that, he forcefully took Matilda's hand and, hidden
from view, pressed a large gold coin into it. He squeezed her hand, then
quickly let go.

"So, that's how it is. This is a matter of my feelings, so you don't
need to worry about it."

With that, he spun around and dashed off. ...Stumbling, staggering,
occasionally swaying, and tripping over his own feet.

Matilda watched him go with a worried expression, then looked at what he
had pressed into her hand. Her face warped, and she quickly looked back
up in the direction Serge had disappeared.

"Hey! Giving this much, what are you thinking?!"

He had pressed two large gold coins into her hand. Living with her
parents, this amount was enough for her and her son to live modestly for
two months. How could he, a poor painter, have such an amount?

Matilda could only stare blankly at the dark street where he had
vanished.

\*\*\*

He didn't know how long he had run. Matilda was completely out of sight,
and he was thoroughly out of breath, even gasping, so he slowed his
pace. ...Fortunately, no seizure followed.

What remained in his hand was one large gold coin. Enough for him to get
by for a while, alone.

"It's fine. This is fine." He muttered, clutching it tightly.

First, he just needed to make enough to finish the painting.

Anything after that could wait.

After all, he had several places where he could run a tab.

If it was just about surviving, he could manage.

"I'm going to paint. I *will* paint."

He repeated this to himself over and over again as he dragged his feet
along the path back to the studio.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

He claimed that he was merely a fake.

She, the one to be drawn, wondered how she would appear.

And there was only surprise.

Up next: Drawing Time

There's no nobility or commonness in skill poured from the heart.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_038.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_040.md)

