[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_003.md)



## Chapter 28: If You’re Going To Hide Something, Hide It in the Forest

In the dead of night, in a forest where moonlight barely penetrated. The
dense forest stretching west of Azar was largely untouched by people and
rarely maintained, perhaps due to its location near the border.

Or so it should have been. And yet, at this moment, a group of more than
twenty individuals, accompanied by several carts, was moving through
said forest.

Their well-trained physiques, evident despite their loose clothing,
suggested they were accustomed to physical labor. Though their faces
were hidden by deep hoods, they were likely all men.

Even while trekking through the dark forest, their only light came from
a scant few lanterns carried by some—lanterns equipped with metal
shutters. These could restrict the direction of light and, if necessary,
be closed to prevent any light from escaping—not a commonly used item.
Only adventurers or perhaps those of disreputable character would prefer
to use such a thing.

"Oi, hold that down properly! If we drop anything, who knows what kinda
earful’s in for us."

"I know, so shut it! It'll be annoying if someone hears."

Voices, not particularly refined, could be heard amidst the rattling of
wheels. In the darkness of the night, they could barely see ahead, yet
they couldn't afford to go slowly. Under such stress, the frustration of
these already ill-natured individuals could only mount.

The occasional loud smacking sounds were likely from swatting
mosquitoes. Even those sounds seemed unnecessarily loud. Perhaps
realizing he was being glared at with dangerous eyes, the man who had
swatted a mosquito merely shrugged his shoulders.

Moving forward in such a strained atmosphere, they finally reached their
destination. A small clearing in the western forest, a place locals
avoided—or rather they were told to avoid. In that normally deserted
spot, a single man, dressed similarly to the others, stood. When he
signaled by regularly moving a lantern with a distinctive frame, the men
nodded slightly and began arranging the carts in the clearing.

"*Boss*, we've brought the goods."

"...Hmph, too slow. All you're good for is transport, so hurry up and
bring it." A displeased voice addressed the bowing leader of the men
before inspecting the carts' contents. With a small hum, he tossed a
leather bag to the leader.

"It seems to all be here. Now, hurry up and leave. ...Unless you want to
die."

"Yeah, yeah, I received it all right."

The man was rushed out without even being given time to check the
contents of the leather bag, yet he showed no sign of displeasure. He
told his companions, "Let's go," bowed once to the man, and then quickly
disappeared into the forest without a backward glance.

The leader vaguely sensed that his employer's words, *"unless you want
to die,"* were not an empty threat. In that case, there was no point in
being stubborn. If he accepted that appeasing him was part of the job,
it was surprisingly tolerable.

Above all, that *Boss* always paid what he owed. It was hard to call him
generous, but the payment was never insufficient. Given that, it was
probably wise to take what was given and quickly retreat. He had enough
street smarts for that much. And that was precisely why the *Boss*
continued to employ him.

\*\*\*

An unknown amount of time passed since the men disappeared back into the
forest. The man who remained, addressed only as *Boss*, began to move
towards the opposite direction along with his lantern—to the west.

After a while, another group emerged from the forest. Dressed in
uniformly unidentifiable clothing, they nevertheless moved with
coordinated precision, quickly approached the carts, and began checking
the contents. The *Boss* approached the man who appeared to be their
leader with an ingratiating smile.

"Hoho, thank you for coming all this way... I've upped the amount
slightly, as a token of my sincerity, you see..."

"Indeed, how commendable. ...It certainly seems to all be here."

Without even sparing a glance at the *Boss*, the leader nodded when his
subordinates, who had been inspecting the load, gave him a
"confirmation" signal. He casually tossed a letter he took from his
pocket.

The *Boss* thrust out both hands, scurrying forward and snatching it
before it hit the ground, without a care for whether or not his knees
got dirty. He held it reverently with both hands, revealing a fawning
expression to the leader.

"Thank you, thank you! ...Please, convey my loyalty to His Excellency,
Dian."

"Don't utter that name so carelessly. ...I will certainly convey your
message." The leader responded coldly.

"M-my apologies, I was careless, even in a forest where no one dares
approach." The *Boss* hurriedly crawled along the ground and prostrated
himself, staining his forehead with dirt.

The man looked down at him with contempt, chuckling softly. The *Boss's*
shoulder twitched for a moment, but he remained submissively prostrate.

"...His Excellency is a man who makes use of those who remain useful.
Work diligently as he desires."

"Yes, sir! I will engrave it on my heart and strive diligently!"

"The next shipment is in a week, don't forget."

"Of course, sir, I shall stake my very life on it!"

With a glance at the *Boss*, the leader gestured to his men. Without a
single word, the carts began to move in an orderly fashion and were
quickly swallowed by the forest. The leader followed them without
looking back.

\*\*\*

...Several more minutes passed after the sound of carts and men's
footsteps faded. The *Boss*, who had been prostrated with his head
bowed, finally lifted his head.

"Damn it, that man, to do this to me, of all people... Just you watch,
once I get what’s rightfully mine, a lowly bastard like you..."

The *Boss*, his face red with humiliation and fury, glared for a while
at where the men had disappeared. The veins on the back of his hands
stood out, and his fists trembled; it must have been utterly humiliating
for him. However, he was not so foolish as to make a scene here and ruin
all his past efforts and humiliation. Having finally calmed down a
little, he too turned on his heel and disappeared back into the forest.

None had noticed the figure in black clothing with long black hair who
had witnessed the entire exchange, nor that this figure—Letty—was
trailing the man all the way back to the Count of Azar's mansion.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The more clues, the better.

It helps you notice when you've put your finger on a trigger that
shouldn't be pulled.

But then, what should be pulled?

Up next: A Future Clouded In Uncertainty

And where will the blame lie?


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_001.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_003.md)

