[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_039.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_041.md)



## Chapter 64: Drawing Time

After that, Serge, reeling, had managed to make it back to his studio.
He had collapsed onto his bed, and by the time he realized it, the sun
was already quite high.

He hastily shoved whatever food lying was around into his mouth, washed
it down with water, and just as he was doing so, Ellie and Letty
arrived.

"Hello, pardon the intrusion\\"

"Hello."

"Oh, perfect timing. I was waiting for you."

He somehow managed to tidy himself up and open the door. The two women
studied Serge for a moment while he was forcing a cheerful expression.

"...Should we have come a little later?"

At Ellie's concern, Serge's shoulders slumped. It seemed they were not
people who could be fooled with such a simple façade.

\*\*\*

At any rate, since the door was already open, there was nothing he could
do about it. He invited the two inside and led them to the window.

"Wow... this view is amazing\\!" Ellie meant it not as empty flattery,
but truly from the heart.

It was a place where the entire lake could be seen. In the early
afternoon, with the sun beginning to dip, the lake's surface shimmered a
little less intensely. It was as calm as a mirror, yet occasionally, a
breeze would blow, creating ripples. For a while, they gazed at the
water mirror as it showed a variety of expressions with each passing
moment.

"...Do I sit here?" Letty asked, indicating a spot by the window.

“Yes,” Serge nodded, gesturing towards the chair to encourage her to
sit. "Please sit there, and I'd like you to gaze out at the lake."

She simply nodded back and settled into the chair with a soft *thud*.

"Um, Egret-san. Could you please stand up and sit down again?" Serge
suddenly blurted this out after observing her.

Letty tilted her head in puzzlement and replied, "Okay," then stood and
sat as instructed. As he watched this series of movements intently,
Serge let out a sigh.

"How in the world can you move like that? So effortlessly smooth, your
body doesn't waver at all. What on earth is that, a picture-perfect way
of sitting?" He spoke with his voice and expression mixed with
exasperation and excitement.

Yes, he was exasperated and excited. He had never seen a human move like
that. So smoothly and efficiently, like a marionette, and as if free
from gravity.

*Oh, if only I could capture this movement in a painting!* Such an
unreasonable desire even arose within him. Surely there was no painter
who could witness such a scene and not be inspired.

"How, you ask… Practice?"

She had just found herself able to do it. Or rather, she hadn't even
been conscious of being able to do it. She had never considered how she
moved.

"I don't think practice alone can achieve something like that..."

"Right? I always wondered about it too."

Even to Ellie, who had seen many warriors, Letty's movements appeared
unique. Her motions, stripped of all wasted effort, were mechanical yet
undeniably human. In truth, it created a very real sense of discomfort.

"Even if both of you say something like that... For me, this is normal."

That, too, was her honest opinion. Her training had indeed been
grueling… However, she had never seen anyone else's training, so she
didn't know how intense it truly was.

If Rita were to comment, she would likely dismiss it entirely, saying,
"No way that's humanly possible."

"Anyway... you're going to draw, right? Do I just need to sit here?" Her
voice was slightly sulky. She sat down again and asked Serge.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Please wait a moment... Yes, alright, please turn to the
side and look towards the lake."

He gave instructions as he hastily propped the drawing board with paper
clipped to it onto the easel, and grabbed a piece of charcoal. He gazed
intently at Letty, who had turned to the side as instructed, and began
to capture her form.

...As he focused on her, something suddenly caught his attention.

"Um, please breathe, okay?" He became worried by her utterly motionless
posture and spoke up.

"Eh... I am, though..." The voice that replied sounded steady and
normal. There was no sign of the breathlessness one would expect after
holding their breath.

...It seemed she could control her body to that extent.

"I truly made the right choice asking you to model."

A model *too* ideal.

A presence *too* intriguing.

Such a being was sitting there, obediently following his instructions.

From here, he would once again delve and extract something he had found
within himself. He would discover what he had not seen before.

This challenge gave him a truly sweet intoxication. Drunk on it, he
moved his charcoal.

Lines were drawn on the pristine white paper. Lines that, at first,
would make no sense to an amateur.

A rough, scraping sound. When the sound stopped, an intense, staring
gaze. A somewhat unsettling and mysterious gaze that seemed to see not
just the outside, but through to the inside.

*Is it possible that what he’s trying to capture could actually be that
extraordinary?*

Suddenly, such a thought occurred to Letty.

"Wow... Eh, is this what it's becoming? ...Huh? Eh, wow..." She heard
Ellie's voice, a mix of admiration and astonishment.

*Well, now I’m curious, what kind of picture is being drawn?*

The motionless model pondered such things.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

What was depicted was not herself, but another self.

A scene that shouldn't exist.

But it was too real, undeniably present.

Up next: More Than Just A Drawing

The profound depth of drawing.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_039.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_041.md)

