[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_031.md)



## Chapter 54: Revisiting for the First Time

They left Azar before noon. Sometime after midday, they took a break in
the shade of a tree by the side of the road. As they munched on some
light snacks they had prepared, they idly watched people passing by.

Several times, merchants in horse-drawn carriages called out, offering
them a ride. Ellie politely smiled and deflected them, though for some
reason once they were even given some dried fruit. Time passed as they
observed the sun-drenched road and its daily activities from the shade.

...Occasionally, a breeze would blow.

Quietly, ever so quietly, time flowed on.

\*\*\*

30 minutes must have passed. Eventually, without a word, they both stood
up, packed their things, and resumed their journey west along the road.

"Those people just now were kind, weren't they?"

"Yes, we even got fruit."

"...I'll ask, just in case... but, it was okay to decline, right?"

"Yes, we'll arrive before nightfall anyway."

The two continued west at a leisurely pace. It was hot, but not
unpleasantly so. With their aimless conversation, they didn't mind the
heat, and their steps felt light.

As the sun began to dip, and twilight started to paint the sky from blue
to red, the town of Ausberg came into view.

"Speaking of which... why does the sky turn red in the evening, I
wonder?"

"It seems there were scholars researching it, but they never really
figured it out. Something about the relationship between the sun and
magic... but they never reached a conclusion."

As they chatted, the townscape, bathed in a soft red light, looked
slightly different from when they had seen it before. And so, after a
little more walking, they reached the gate just as the long summer
twilight was drawing to an end and night began to fall.

With a soft sigh, they looked back at the path they had traveled. The
border town of Azar was long gone, swallowed by the encroaching darkness
of the road. And most of the path they had walked during the day was
also obscured.

...Feeling a slight pang of regret, they completed the procedures and
entered the town.

\*\*\*

The town of Ausberg was also full of energy. At night, some people
hurried home, while others were already enjoying drinks and in high
spirits.

They walked along the edge of the main street, avoiding the crowded
thoroughfare, searching for an inn. They had thought they'd find one
quickly with such a lively atmosphere, but before they could—

"Hey theree, ladies, wanna come have a drink?"

They were stopped by a drunk.

Indeed, if one didn't know their true nature, it was only natural for
two beautiful girls of different types walking together to attract
attention. In some ways it could be considered unfortunate.

"I'm sorry, we already have plans."

"Aw, c’mon, just blow them off! Let’s go, let's go, I know a good
place!"

Ellie tried to brush him off with a polite smile, but he seemed to be a
particularly persistent drunk. He reached out to grab Ellie's arm to
stop her.

...He tried to grab it.

His hand was stopped mid-air.

"Huh? What the... what the hell, lady...? Hey, what is this?"

A slender arm, surely no match for his strength. Yet, he couldn't move
it an inch. He couldn't push, or even pull. It was as if his arm had
turned to stone; a cold, rigid sensation.

"...We said we have plans, didn't we?"

"H-hiek?!"

A voice, colder than a blade of ice, reached his ears. A gaze sharper
than a polished dagger.

...He was going to die.

Not "be killed."

It wouldn’t be a gentle death by human hand; it was the terror of being
granted a merciless death by something far beyond human action. The man
and his companions seemed to sense it too, and they began to tremble
uncontrollably.

Letty, who had been observing them with a cold gaze, released the man
with a shove. He completely lost his balance, staggered, and collapsed
onto his backside.

His companions stood frozen, unable to help him. Letty watched on with a
bored expression while letting out a sigh of exasperation.

"...Ellie, let's go."

"Ah, yes!"

Ignoring the men still frozen in place, the two left.

\*\*\*

After walking for a while—

"Letty-san." Suddenly, Ellie stopped.

"Hmm... What is it?"

"Please, hold me!"

"Eh.” Puzzled by Ellie's abrupt request, Letty tilted her head.
“...Okay."

She spread her arms, saying, "Here."

Ellie thought, *No, not like that, not like that!* But since the offer
was there, she took refuge between Letty's arms anyway.

A sigh of relief escaped her as she felt the tight embrace. Although it
wasn't a common area, they were near the main street. They were exposed
to quite a few gazes.

Letty didn't care at all, and Ellie didn't even notice. The two remained
like that for a while, completely unconcerned.

Finally, when the stares became truly piercing, they separated. Letty
was her usual self while Ellie had an expression of, *"what have I
done.”*

They continued walking, resuming their search for an inn.

"...Ellie? Is something wrong?"

"Eh? No, nothing's wrong at all!"

A strangely red face, suspicious behavior. Letty gazed at her face for a
moment.

"You seem to be walking a bit slowly."

"Eh...? I-is that so?"

"Come on, let's go." Saying that, she took Ellie's hand.

"H-huh?!"

"We shouldn't get separated, should we?"

Ellie was pulled along, led by Letty. There was nothing she could do.
Though Letty's grip wasn't strong, it stole her ability to resist.

*Just do what you want with me*, she decided in her heart.

"Then, a double room."

There was absolutely no preparation or expectation whatsoever; the two
of them simply spent one night at the inn.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are things one doesn't forget, even after a long time.

There are things one understands only by supporting each other through
trials.

A common, yet special, existence.

Up next: In a Word

It's somehow difficult to say it directly.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_029.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_031.md)

