[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_062.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_064.md)



## Chapter 87: A Place Worth Preserving

Each person said their goodbyes. The coffin lid closed slowly, as if
reluctant to part. Then, with the hands of the attendees, soil was
covered over it. As the work proceeded with few words, only the dry,
scraping sound of earth—*Scrape... Thud...*—echoed strangely loudly.

Theo, biting his lip and trembling with tears in his eyes, and Matilda,
holding Theo, gazed intently at the scene. The coffin completely
disappeared under the soil, and more soil was heaped upon it. When it
was fully buried, Theo whispered softly:

"Goodbye, Dad..."

His voice still quivering, but a slightly mature strength shone in his
eyes as he looked at the newly erected gravestone.

\*\*\*

Once everything was finished and the priest announced the end of the
funeral, a collective sigh escaped from the group. A solemn atmosphere
lingered, but casual chatter began to ripple through the gathering.
Amidst this slight murmur, Letty and Ellie walked over to Matilda.

"Matilda, you must be exhausted."

"Ah, you both. Thank you for coming to the funeral."

"What are you talking about? We're his disciple and model, of course
we'd be here."

Though still somewhat exhausted, Matilda—and indeed, Letty and
Ellie—were gradually returning to their usual selves. As the three spoke
in a somewhat subdued tone, Letty's eyes fell on Matilda's feet. A boy
was clinging to her, hidden in her shadow.

"...Matilda, is that child..."

"Ah, yes, this is Theo, my and his son. Come on, Theo, say hello to the
ladies."

Despite being prompted by Matilda, he didn't immediately come out. After
he fidgeted for a while, Ellie gently knelt down to meet his gaze.

"Hello, Theo-kun. My name is Ellie. I'm your father Serge's disciple."

"...Dad's?"

"Yes, your father's disciple."

When Ellie smiled warmly, Theo gazed at her face with a puzzled
expression. Then he looked up at Matilda with a thoughtful look.

"Mom... was Dad really painting seriously?" Theo spoke cautiously.

Matilda sighed, a hint of exasperation in her voice. "You, you're
definitely my son..."

\*\*\*

As Matilda explained that Serge had been painting seriously to restore
his honor, a man approached. He appeared to be middle-aged, a
merchant-like man with a thick beard.

"Matilda, a word, if you please."

"Oh, landlord, forgive me for making you attend."

"No, no, that's quite alright, it's mutual. So, I know this isn't the
best time, but about the house Serge was renting, what are you going to
do about it?"

Though his voice was subdued out of respect for the setting, the utterly
pragmatic nature of the conversation caused both Matilda and the
landlord himself to look troubled.

"Ah, yes, indeed... There are a lot of tools and things, so what to
do..."

"I've already received this month's rent, so that's fine, but we need to
sort it out before next month. I know it's odd to ask you, his ex-wife,
but there's no one else I can ask."

Both of them sighed. Although she was working, Matilda didn't earn
enough to pay Serge's house rent. If she used the large gold coin Serge
had pressed upon her recently, she could manage next month, but what
about after that?

The landlord didn't want to be unreasonable, but he couldn't let it stay
vacant indefinitely either.

Just then, a voice interjected.

"Excuse me. If I pay next month's rent instead, can we continue to rent
it?"

"Huh? Ah, yes, of course, that's fine, but... you are…?"

The landlord was taken by surprise by the unexpected remark from an
unfamiliar woman, and a rather young and beautiful one at that. He
glanced at Matilda, confirming that they appeared to be acquainted.

"I am Egret. Serge's painting model. This is Ellie, Serge's disciple. If
there's no problem, we'd like to continue renting that house."

She spoke dispassionately, as if it were a simple matter, and the
landlord found himself just nodding along. *Huh!?* He shook his head
slightly, snapping himself back to reality.

"If you can pay, that is. You, at your age, can you afford it? It's one
large gold coin a month, you know?"

"Oh, that much is fine."

Both the landlord and Matilda's eyes widened at the sight of a gold coin
being produced so effortlessly. Letty wore a thoughtful expression for a
moment. Then, as if realizing something, she said:

"...If I said I wanted to buy it, how much would it be?"

"Th-that would be... 100 large gold coins, or about 10 mithril silver,
at least."

He had inflated the price, assuming she would balk at such a sum. But
the girl remained cool-faced.

"I see. ...Ellie, can I buy it?"

"Eh? Oh, if Letty-san wants to buy it, that's fine, but... is that
really okay?"

The landlord was dumbfounded by the girl's casual remark. *Who is this
woman?* was written all over his face.

Ignoring him, Ellie looked apologetically at Letty.

Even though it had only been about a month, it was a familiar studio. If
they could preserve that place, where her beloved Master's tools and
studies remained…. Indeed, it was a thought that that had crossed her
mind.

Letty nodded readily at Ellie's questioning gaze. "Yes, that's what I
thought, and if that's what you think, Ellie. I want to preserve his
home."

If Ellie was to continue painting, then surely owning it wouldn't be
meaningless.

Perhaps sensing Letty's thoughts, Ellie clung to her.

"That's why... that's just how you are..." She mumbled softly.

\*\*\*

"Landlord, I'll vouch for these two. I mean regardless of whether you
rent it or sell it."

"If Matilda says so, it must be alright... Then I'll talk to the town
office, and we can draw up a proper contract next time."

As they watched the two young women, the conversation progressed
concretely. Having inflated the price, he couldn't back down when it was
so easily accepted. Moreover, the property itself, while having a good
location by the lake, was also quite far from town and troublesome to
manage. There was the calculation that if he could get rid of it, it
wouldn't be so bad.

"Understood. Things are still a bit hectic right now... once things
settle down, we'll come to you."

"Ah, I'll have everything prepared by then."

With that confirmation, it was done. They had both lived in this town
for a long time; this is how things were when familiar with each other.
Of course, the official contract would require going to the town office
or having an official present. Nevertheless, it seemed they could keep
that place as it was.

With the matter settled, Matilda let out a large sigh of relief, as if a
weight had been lifted.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Walls have ears, but they can’t speak of what they don’t know.

When those who know put up walls, what does that imply?

Up Next: The Truths Pulled From Falsehood

Slipping through those walls is easy.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_062.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_064.md)

