[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_058.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_060.md)



## Chapter 83: A Bolt from the Blue

*Knock, knock.*

Letty and Ellie stood before the door and knocked.

Usually, there would be hurried, bustling sounds, but at the moment
there were none.

"...?...!"

Letty, who had tilted her head in confusion, suddenly seemed to realize
something and forced the door open. There was no sign of human presence,
no movement, not even the faint sense of someone oversleeping. ...The
door wasn't locked either. The bad premonition intensified.

"Eh, Letty-san?! Wha-what's wrong?!"

Without answering the bewildered Ellie, Letty burst into the room and
immediately found Serge. She ran to his side and knelt, reaching out to
check his neck and wrist. She squeezed his wrist tightly, as if praying
for something.

"M-Master?! What's wrong, Master!!"

Rushing over a beat later, Ellie knelt on the opposite side and shook
his body. ...The moment she touched him, she knew. She saw Letty, who
had been checking his neck, slump powerlessly, and she was certain.

But she didn't want to believe it.

"No... It can't be true, can it?! Master, wake up, Master!!"

She shook him again and again. His cold, stiff body.

Tears, which had welled up unnoticed, spilled down endlessly from her
eyes.

Even knowing it was useless, Letty couldn't stop Ellie from continuing
to shake him.

\*\*\*

How much time had passed? Only Ellie's soft, hiccuping sobs echoed in
the room. Letty clutched her chest, as if trying to grab and crush
something swirling within her.

*Why? How?*

Only such words remained in her mind. Until yesterday, he hadn't been
well, perhaps, but he hadn't seemed on the verge of death. Then, *why?*

...Her heart felt heavy. She had witnessed death countless times. Yet,
why was her mind so unable to function properly? She understood the
situation. So what next, what should she do?

At the very least, this couldn't stand. That much, she knew.

"...Ellie, I'm sorry, stay here for a while... I need to go call
someone."

There had to be some official who could handle this situation. She had
to call that person. A doctor? A guard? *Someone, anyone, I just do need
to do something*, she thought, trying to stand.

Her body felt heavy. *Has it ever taken this much effort to move?* She
looked at Ellie with a somber expression as Ellie was shaking her head,
her eyes full of tears.

Her own wavering heart weakened even more upon seeing her in such a
state. Still, she was the only one who could do it now. She knelt beside
Ellie, who was looking at her with a pleading gaze, and pulled her face
into her chest.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry... I'm leaving you alone, but I'm sorry... Someone
has to go call for help... I'll be right back..."

Ellie clung to her desperately. For a moment, her grip tightened. Then,
suddenly, her strength left her and she let go.

She understood too. That it had to be done, that she herself couldn't do
it right now, and that Letty had to go.

So,

Unable to say anything, she just nodded.

Letty nodded back, then stood up. ...While entrusting her heart to that
warmth. Still, she had to go. Telling herself this, she ran out.

In truth, she wanted to "leap" there, but what little remained of her
reason wouldn't allow it.

\*\*\*

Ellie absentmindedly watched Letty run out.

*Why?*

*Why isn’t Master moving?*

Such questions endlessly swirled around in her head. With a dazed look,
she stared at Serge, who lay face down.

*Ah, is it because he's sleeping in such an awkward position?*

Such an illogical thought even crossed her mind.

"This must be uncomfortable for breathing..." She murmured as if in a
trance, laid a hand on his body, and gently rolled him over.

The moment she did this, a deep night blue danced into view.

Her eyes were mesmerized by its hue. Looking closely, it seemed to be
painted as if with Serge's very being. At its end, a palette, mixed with
paints, lay on the floor.

That blue was burned into her eyes.

Before she could even think about it, its meaning was thrown at her.

"What, what were you doing...? Why were you trying to paint when you
were on the verge of death…"

It was too much like him.

She couldn’t help but let out an exasperated laugh. Her voice trembled,
and the tears that had stopped began to fall again.

Laughing, she squeezed her own hand.

"Why, why do you look so satisfied...? Is this color the one Master
wanted?"

There was no response. Only a satisfied smile.

She shifted her gaze to the palette. The blue, long since dried, and the
colors from which it was made, were seared into her memory. If this was
what he had wanted, then she had to remember it. It was an unwavering
conviction.

\*\*\*

How long had she stared at that color?

Suddenly, she noticed a presence from outside. It was undeniably that of
someone very precious to her.

"Ellie! Are you alright?!"

Seconds later, the usually composed person rushed in, breathless, and
embraced her.

"Yes!... Yes, I'm alright!"

*Ah, warm.*

Something familiar.

...And something she mustn't lose no matter what.

As she hugged back, Ellie felt as if something important had gently
dropped and settled deep within her chest.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A person's death. Such a common, yet extraordinary event.

The two who had dealt with such things before were at a loss on how to
handle it now.

Because handling *this* wasn't their usual task.

Up Next: How a Life Ends

It was still too heavy for them to carry.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_058.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_060.md)

