[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_012.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_014.md)



## Chapter 38: The 100 Mithril Silver Coin Woman

The Prince's party, having stormed the royal castle, advanced while
sporadically engaging and repelling attacking soldiers.

Occasionally, skillful soldiers among the attackers inflicted injuries
on the knights, but so far, none were fatal. Furthermore, the Imperial
Knights, perhaps having their own thoughts on the Queen's policies or
having been pre-arranged, let the Prince pass by uninterrupted.

"Maintain formation! Engage the enemy in pairs! Front right, five
coming, intercept!"

Despite being surrounded, the Prince, seemingly aware of everything
around him, issued continuous commands. The knights' immediate responses
were flawlessly smooth and unhesitating.

Amidst this, Letty occasionally used detection magic, warning the Prince
of threats. The coordinated movements of the Third Knight Order, led by
their commander, stood in stark contrast to the individual,
uncoordinated actions of the attacking soldiers; their combat
effectiveness was on an entirely different level.

As they approached the corner leading to the location of the Queen's
throne room, the Prince called out, halting the entire group. "All stop!
...Now, if I were on their side, I'd set up an ambush here. Egret,
please."

"Hm, understood. ...Just a moment, okay… *Active Search.*” After a brief
incantation, she released mana at maximum output.

Active Search.

A spell that releases a wave of mana and detects the presence of living
beings by sensing the mana reflected from them. It was a useful
detection spell that could sense direction and distance, and could even
penetrate obstacles unless magically defended against.

However, it did have a drawback—

"...Egret, was that it just now? I felt something like a small
shockwave."

"...Your Highness, you must have a talent for magic. Beyond this corner,
dozens are waiting. There are many mages too... probably about ten."

"Just as I thought... I doubt they’ll let us pass easily."

Anyone with a certain level of mana would detect the use of the search
spell. Of course, if they weren’t aware of the specifics, like the
Prince, it would just feel like a minor discomfort.

At any rate, the path ahead seemed to be their greatest test yet.
Although they had numerical superiority, there was no doubt that if
magic were used effectively in this narrow space, the damage would be
devastating.

"They've probably detected us, some of their mages. ...Well then, I'm
going to get to work." Letty moved to charge in first and cause a
diversion, as per their initial plan.

The Prince's face clouded over. Given the larger-than-expected numbers
and composition, while they themselves were in danger, she was no doubt
in the most peril.

*Is it okay to push her this far?* Amidst such doubts, the Prince’s
resolve solidified seeing her casually refer to it as mere ‘work’.

"Allow me to make a slight adjustment. After you run in, we'll charge in
at a slightly delayed timing. That way, the targets will be more
scattered, and there's a higher chance of fewer casualties as a result."

"...I appreciate that, but..." Letty furrowed her brows slightly,
troubled by the Prince's serious expression. “Is everyone else okay with
it?”

But the knights laughed heartily at her and gave a thumbs-up. "Hey now,
little lady, don't underestimate us. We'll risk our lives and stick to
our pride too. We haven't really had much of a challenge yet."

Seeing their reaction, she reconsidered, thinking perhaps no delicate
consideration was needed. "Alright... then, let's go with that."

"Egret, I'm certainly entrusting you with a significant burden, but I
hope you know I'm not intending for you to bear it all alone."

"Hm, understood... Then, I'm going. Are you ready?"

"Yeah, leave it to us!"

After hearing the knights' enthusiastic replies, she paused for a beat.
"Here I go..."

She then tossed up a black cloth. It danced lightly, appearing
human-shaped for an instant. The next moment, *Thud!* *Thud!* Arrows
pierced the cloth. Simultaneously, Letty dashed forward.

\*\*\*

Shortly prior, immediately after Letty cast *Active Search*—

Naturally, with ten mages present, they noticed what had been done. They
understood to some extent that their formation had been revealed.

"What? They detected us? What are you talking about?"

"I'm telling you, magic was just used! What don’t you understand?!"

Two figures, seemingly the leaders of the soldiers and mages, began
arguing in hushed tones. The approaching group had stopped, then a weak
magical shockwave was detected. It was clearly a magical search of some
kind.

The mage commander argued that because their hand had been revealed,
they should change tactics. The soldier commander, however, couldn't
even sense mana.

From the start, they were disparate groups: the Queen's favored mages on
one side, and the Chancellor's private soldiers on the other. They
naturally disliked each other, easily clashing, leading to incongruent
commands. The atmosphere had started to turn sour when—

*Fwoosh*, something black danced lightly, fluttering. Startled, the
archers shot at it. ...It was just a piece of cloth.

*Cloth?* The moment that thought occurred, something clad in black
leaped out from its shadow.

They had been waiting in a passage adorned with luxurious furnishings.

Archers and mages were stationed on multiple protruding balconies. In
the shadows of the many pillars lining the passage, additional archers
and mages were hidden, and further concealing them, spearmen were
arranged like a wall.

After using *Active Search*, Letty knew exactly where each and every one
of them was positioned.

"Wh-what is that...? What is that?!"

"Sh-shoot! Shoot! I don't know what it is, but shoot!"

They were ordered to fire despite not knowing what they were shooting
at, but no matter how frantically they tried to aim, they couldn't track
its speed. Letty reached the end of the passage in an instant, then spun
around abruptly, almost embracing a pillar with her left hand.

A man hidden in the pillar's shadow, who had been readying his bow,
frantically tried to turn, but a dagger flashed before him. The blade
first severed the bowstring before finding its mark on his neck—blood
splattered into the air.

"Wh-what is that thing?! It's her! Get that woman!!"

Such cries flew, and eyes turned towards Letty. In that brief moment, a
throwing knife embedded itself in another archer's forehead, and a
rushing mage was cut down.

"Charge!!"

Following the Prince's command, timed perfectly, the knights surged
forward. The soldiers, whose attention had been fixated on Letty,
hurriedly tried to defend themselves. Some arrows struck the knights,
but they couldn't stop the onslaught... and were thoroughly devoured.

\*\*\*

Seeing the area descend into chaos, Letty pulled out a rope with a
grappling hook and tossed it towards the edge of a balcony. Feeling the
hook catch, she kicked off the wall, scaling it hand over hand.

Her abnormal speed momentarily froze the soldiers, who watched on in
disbelief. In that moment, she swiftly climbed onto the balcony.

The archers and mages, caught off guard, could offer little resistance;
one after another, blood splattered.

Some archers barely managed to discard their bows and draw short swords,
but... she closed the distance in an instant. Their sword-wielding
wrists were severed, and the next moment, their foreheads were split
open.

"That woman! Aim for that woman!"

"It's His Highness! If we can just take down His Highness, we can
manage!"

Amidst the confused and conflicting orders, the knights ceaselessly cut
down spearmen and archers. The sporadic arrows and spells aimed at the
Prince were firmly deflected by the shields of the nearby knights.

Meanwhile, Letty continued to move. Her long black hair whipped around,
appearing like a black torrent. In its wake, soldiers fell one after
another. Before they knew it, the right-side balcony was completely
secured.

"That’s why, that woman! The woman!"

"Shut it! Move your hands before you move your mouth!"

Letty, observing the utter chaos, threw the grappling hook she held in
her left hand again. This time, it coiled around the base of a
chandelier in the center of the passage. She tugged, confirming the
hold.

*Pat*, *pat*. With light footsteps, she leaped from the balcony. Not
straight, but swinging towards the left, to the right from the archers'
perspective.

"Incoming! Fire! Fire!"

As expected, upon seeing her approaching, they collectively tried to
intercept, but... the attempts were in vain.

Bows were inherently weak to approaches from the right side. Due to the
stance of holding the bow with the left hand and drawing the arrow with
the right, if an attacker moves to the left, correction could be made by
simply twisting the body.

However, if they move to the right, aiming the bow accordingly would
make the draw weaker and the aim more prone to error, requiring the
whole body to turn to correct. And if everyone didn’t turn in an orderly
fashion, there was the risk of friendly fire or even colliding with
allies.

Furthermore, with Letty’s current trajectory, swinging sideways while
leaping, their aim was thrown off both vertically and horizontally,
making it difficult to readjust. As a result, they failed to stop her,
allowing her to approach.

"Gwaah!!"

"H-hic! Stay back, stay back! Agaah!!"

Throwing knives flew. A dagger flashed two, then three times. Flowers of
blood bloomed.

Maintaining her balance by manipulating the rope, she kicked off the
wall with a *Thud*, leaping into a group of archers and mages. The
dagger flashed repeatedly, and screams rose.

*Thump...* After several heavy thuds, nearly half of them lay fallen,
and most of the remainder had lost their will to fight. Without sparing
a thought for their destroyed moral, she smoothly stepped forward—

To the archers, to the mages.

Equally, she spread death.

"Your Highness... just who *is* that woman?"

"Hm? That's right... If I had to say, she's a woman worth 100 mithril
silver coins."

"...Haah... Seriously, it seems even the Commander wouldn’t be her
match."

Such conversations inadvertently leaked out. The knights, no longer
bothered by overhead fire, steadily subdued the enemy despite taking
some casualties. Shortly thereafter, the area was secured.

"...Was 100 coins too little, I wonder?"

*Truly, even 200 wouldn't be too much.* The Prince muttered inwardly as
he observed Egret, who had secured the balcony and jumped down as if
nothing had happened.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

He accepted the task of defending this place.

Having said it, he would see it through. Action speaks louder than
words; a man's pride.

Now, the fun begins.

Up next: Battle for the Great Eastern Bridge

This much is merely familiar territory. Such is the warrior's aesthetic.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_012.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_014.md)

