[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_030.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 55: In a Word

After Ellie one-sidedly got her hopes up and wound up disappointed, the
night passed. Morning arrived with Letty perplexed by Ellie's subtly
sulking yet clingy demeanor.

Somehow, she managed to appease Ellie, and they had breakfast. Before
noon, they paid a visit to the Third Knight Order's garrison.

"It's Ellie-chan! It's Ellie-chan!"

"Yo, Egret, good to see you!"

"Ellie-chan, what brings you here today?!"

...After suddenly finding themselves surrounded by burly knights, Letty
stepped in, waving her hands to shoo them away. Though rather blunt,
they knew when to retreat. Seeing them still being themselves, she felt
a strange sense of relief.

"Is Georg still here? I just thought I’d say hello."

"The Commander? He's swamped with paperwork right now! Hold on a sec,
I'll go ask him."

One of the knights familiar with them rushed off to Georg's office. Not
a single person bothered to see him off; instead, they asked Ellie if
she was safe, what she had been up to, if she was well, and invited her
for a drink sometime. Letty once again intervened and chased the knights
away.

Perhaps it was because they understood each other’s limits; somehow,
even that kind of exchange felt strangely odd.

As they were bantering, Georg arrived, his eyes bloodshot and deep
wrinkles etched between his brows.

"Oh, you two, it's been a while since then. You didn't have to go out of
your way to visit, but I welcome you."

He still possessed his usual beaming smile however.

"Standing here won't do. Come to where you can sit."

"Mm…” Letty nodded at the invitation. “Then, I'll take you up on that."

She gave a slight wave to the knights loitering nearby and followed
Georg.

The knights left behind then began to chatter—

"Hey. Was Egret always like that?"

"I'm all for Ellie-chan, but that was quite something too..."

"Her impression changed, didn't it?"

They were engrossed in such trivial conversation.

\*\*\*

"I see, so you're heading to the royal capital then."

After ushering the two into his office, they exchanged information over
tea—the circumstances of their renewed journey, and the reasons why
Georg was swamped with work.

After the recent turmoil, Oscar's depleted First Knight Order was
reorganized, with some members incorporated into the Royal Guard. The
rest were to be integrated into the Second and Third Knight Orders, or
transferred to newly established public order units.

"You seem to be having a tough time too..."

"Well, it can't be helped. We're lucky it's only this much."

Georg was buried under these administrative tasks and preparing for the
integration of the additional troops into the Third Knight Order. He
looked tired, but his smiling face as he said that showed that he still
had some energy.

Seeing that, Letty nodded in relief. "Given the situation, it seems it
will be difficult to talk to anyone related to magic in the royal
capital..."

"Ah, don't worry about that. The new court magician wanted to meet you
two anyway. Alright! I'll write you a transit permit for part of the
way, and letters of introduction to His Highness—I mean, His Majesty—and
the Mage."

He spoke with childish excitement, eagerly grabbing a piece of paper in
his office. Letty watched on with a somewhat exasperated expression.

"I thought it would be bad to make you go to so much trouble, but it
seems I didn't need to hold back, did I?"

"Honestly, I'm starting to feel like we should work him even harder."

"Hey! You should at least hold back that much, shouldn't you?!"

Amidst those who knew each other well and had faced death together—

*I see.*

This kind of relationship, surely, was what they called
*comrades-in-arms*. Letty was familiar with the phrase, of course.

"By the way, do you have any free vouchers for inns along the way?"
Ellie teased.

"Just because I've given you my approval doesn't mean I can go that far!
Use your common sense!" Georg snapped back while laughing.

The atmosphere was somewhat reminiscent of the dinner table they had
shared with Rita and Old Bob.

*Ah*, it suddenly occurred to her for the first time that those two were
also comrades-in-arms.

Days had passed, and she had completed "requests" methodically,
mindlessly, without realizing her own loneliness. But behind it all was
Old Bob's information, and Rita, in her own way, was working and keeping
the organization running.

...Suddenly, for some reason, she felt a longing to see the two of them.

*Once this matter’s settled, let’s try returning to Wals.*

Keeping that thought in her heart, she observed Georg and Ellie's
comedic back-and-forth with a somewhat soft expression.

\*\*\*

Georg, having somehow fended off Ellie's teasing, carefully put away the
letters of introduction he had written. They were about to leave his
office.

...Or so they thought.

"Commander, is it true that Ellie-dono is here?"

A middle-aged man entered.

"Oh, it’s the second-in-command mage. Ah, look, she's still here."

"Ah, hello. It's been a while."

"Indeed, indeed, it has been a very long time..."

The mage who arrived looked around the room, recognized Ellie, and
nodded meaningfully with a meaningful expression.

Letty, seeing this, suddenly spoke up as if remembering something. "Oh,
that's right. Hey, Georg. Can I borrow this mage for a bit?"

"...Egret, you need to learn how to use words a little better... If he
doesn't mind, it's fine."

"Hmm. As long as it's nothing too out of the ordinary, it should be
fine."

Perhaps the animosity was reserved only for Ellie. He nodded
magnanimously at Letty's sudden request.

"Thank you, actually, you see..."

She then explained, vaguely, about the concerns regarding Ellie's
anti-magic barrier and her desire for him to cast some light attack
magic for an experiment.

"Very well, only I would know Ellie-dono's barrier so well! I shall
accompany you in this experiment!"

An opportunity for revenge, with a legitimate excuse, had presented
itself. As soon as he understood this, he showed the utmost enthusiasm
and readily agreed.

\*\*\*

30 minutes later, he was witnessed kneeling dejectedly, having had all
of his polished magic completely defended against.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Having resolved and prepared to reach that place.

The peak he ascended to.

Still, there were things he couldn't let go of.

Next time: Even as King

Some things change, and some things don't.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_030.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

