[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_055.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_057.md)



## Chapter 80: Unseen Form, Visible Truth

The next day, after Matilda's painting was completed, Letty's painting
was also nearing its final stages.

*...It’s almost over.*

He had a clear sense of it. Beyond the movement of his hands, the
finished form undoubtedly lay there. And now, only a little more.

He had painted quite thickly. He had utilized every technique he knew,
mobilized all his knowledge, to create the picture. Above all, he had
vividly, intensely, visualized what he had glimpsed at that moment and
poured it into his brush.

A tiny, tiny spark, just released from a suffocating darkness; certain,
powerful, but still wavering. It... overlapped with something within
himself.

If he gave it a visible form, a tangible shape, it would be released
with substance. That's how it felt. He felt it presumptuous to do it,
yet he also felt it was something only he could do.

Above all, for his own sake, he wanted to give it form.

He had called out to her, she had consented, and now they faced each
other as model and painter.

However—

Her personality, and the girl beside her.

He had briefly glimpsed her world.

...His own surroundings had changed a little too.

The image had changed. Just a little.

The canvas, infused with that, was still dark, but…

It faintly, yet more strongly than before, contained hope.

\*\*\*

"...That's all for today, I suppose..."

Serge let out a long breath. He closed his eyes and rubbed them for a
while. Slowly, taking his time, he opened them, letting them adjust to
the light.

He gazed at the canvas for a moment.

*Yeah, just as I thought.* He nodded to himself.

"...Master? 'That's all for today' means... it's not finished yet?
...Even with *this*??"

Ellie, who had been copying and observing as usual, cautiously spoke up.
She looked at the canvas again, then at Letty, the model, then at Serge.
Once more, she looked at the painting.

*...Where else could he possibly add anything?* Having seen it gradually
progress towards completion every single day, she wasn't overwhelmed by
the shock. But if one saw it for the first time, it would undoubtedly
evoke a feeling akin to terror that would make them freeze. That
emotion, a mix of fear and admiration, was surely what was called awe.
And beyond that, a faintly shimmering something.

These feelings slowly and heavily, gradually yet gently… They pressed
deep into her chest.

*And he said that this is still not finished?*

Serge, with a troubled expression himself, asked the perplexed Ellie.
"That's right... Ellie-san, do you remember the title of this work?"

"Uh, yes, it was *From Now On*, wasn't it?"

"Yes, *From Now On*."

He returned his attention to the piece. He could undoubtedly say with
pride that this was his masterpiece. Yet, something was still missing.
That too was undeniable.

"*From Now On*, but... no, perhaps that's why. I think I've painted
'from now on.' But what came before... the present and the past,
something is missing."

As he spoke, Ellie looked at the canvas again. ...Honestly, she couldn’t
quite grasp it yet. But her master, Serge, wouldn't lie. So, something
must be missing from this canvas—the present, the past.

"This is still incomplete... I feel like it has enough, though..."

"Honestly, I also feel it's sufficient... but something is nagging at
me. That's just how it is." He smiled wryly, then looked up. He gazed at
Ellie with his usual gentle eyes, then slowly spoke.

"...Ellie-san, remember this. As a painting approaches completion,
always keep asking yourself if anything is missing. That will be
necessary when you become the creator, not just the receiver."

And that, surely, would never end. True completion… only God would know.

She accepted the weight of his words. The world she was stepping into
was such a world.

She had already been aware of it. But now, standing before a work she
herself couldn't improve further, and being told it was still
unfinished, made them all the more realized. Slowly, she swallowed them.
And nodded.

"Yes... I don't think I can fully understand it yet... but I will
engrave it into my heart!"

That was her duty as an apprentice. As someone present, someone who
aspired to paint, that's what she believed.

\*\*\*

Letty, who had been silent so as not to interrupt their conversation,
murmured as she peered at the painting, "This is still unfinished..."

After gazing at it for a while, a sigh escaped her lips. The subject of
the painting was undoubtedly her. A profile that she could definitively
claim as herself, blended with realistic style and transcendent
technique.

Yet, She was subtly different from herself. The "her" in the painting
was just a little... a step, or even half a step, ahead. It was just a
vague feeling.

*This is how it should be. This is how I want it to be.*

A feeling akin to a prayer, or perhaps a wish, was conveyed. It was
embedded in the "her" within the painting.

"Still unfinished... huh... then I'm even more so..."

If so, what was her own completed form? She still had no answer to that
question.

\*\*\*

As the three of them were discussing and pondering about the painting, a
knock came at the door.

"Serge, are you ready?” Saying that, Matilda entered. “Oh, Egret-chan
and Ellie-chan are still here, good work. What's wrong, all three of you
looking so glum?"

"Ah, welcome, Matilda. I just finished a section." Serge replied with a
wry smile. Matilda looked puzzled as she approached.

After gazing at the painting, she grumbled, "A section? It's not
finished yet? ...This?" Again, a familiar reaction escaped from her.
Then, a wry smile quickly followed. "You're still as meticulous as
ever... It's just like you, I suppose. ...Haah, still, Egret-chan looks
so much more picturesque."

There was a difference between something for a contest and something
personal. But seeing it like this, she still couldn't help but feel that
way.

"Well, er.. I think your portrait is quite good too?" Serge stood up and
retreated into the back. The painting he brought out a moment later was—

"Huh? Wait, what's with this frame, it looks like a painting!"

"No, it *is* a painting. I splurged a bit, what do you think?"

"’What do you think’, you say..."

Yes, it was a painting. Not the work-in-progress she usually saw in his
studio, but a magnificent painting, as if on display in some noble's
home. Even when she had seen it right after its completion yesterday, it
had looked remarkably well done. But framed like this, it felt as if she
were momentarily cut off from the world and peering into another, almost
getting lost in it. And the world glimpsed from there was very...
embarrassing.

Having it seen by the two young women made it even more embarrassing.

Those two women were staring intently. A painting that seemed simple,
unlike Letty's. With Matilda as his model, what the world depicted by
Serge showed was—

"...Love, isn't it?"

"I see... this is love."

"You two, stop it!" She yelled, turning bright red, as what she had
vaguely realized was bluntly stated. She looked troubled, angry… and
subtly pleased. Proudly so.

The painter himself, the one who had completed it, also looked troubled
and embarrassed.

However, he watched the scene without denying it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Laughter, conversation, sharing a meal.

A common, all too common, ordinary scene.

That is, as a human, it's normal.

Up Next: Forever From Here

Then, he, who turned his back on it…


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_055.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_057.md)

