[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_034.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_036.md)



## Chapter 59: By the Lakeside City of Quartz

After their meeting with Leonhardt ended, and they left the royal
castle, Letty and Ellie exchanged glances and laughed.

"...He was the same as always, wasn't he?"

"Yes, he was still himself."

He had become a little more king-like, but they were satisfied knowing
that his core self remained unchanged. As they laughed, the conversation
eventually turned back to Georg's blunders from when he was a fresh
knight.

It was such a conversation that carried far enough for the city folk to
hear.

...Later, when Georg next visited the royal capital, he was teased
mercilessly. His furious outburst at Leonhardt, whom he suspected of
starting the rumors, is a story for another time.

\*\*\*

After spending the night at an inn in the capital, the two continued
further west, finally arriving at the city of Quartz. It was a city
situated beside a lake so vast it could be mistaken for the sea.

"...What is this?" Letty murmured blankly.

A huge, enormous puddle of water. To put it bluntly, that's all it was,
but when it actually spread out before their eyes on such a scale, it
could truly render one speechless.

An unobstructed, open view. Standing on the lake shore, from right to
left, the azure of the sky and the reflected blue of the water filled
their entire vision. And yet, far in the hazy distance, the silhouette
of mountains.

A simultaneous sense of certainty that the land indeed continued beyond,
and an unreal feeling of not knowing if it truly did, washed over Letty.

For those familiar with it, it was surely nothing more than an ordinary
sight, but for the current Letty, it was an overwhelming spectacle. For
a while, she stood rooted to the spot before it, gazing in a daze.

"It's incredible, isn't it? This is probably the largest lake on this
continent."

Ellie, who had visited this area several times in the past, was
relatively calmer. Even so, the sight still affected her, and her voice
was slightly higher pitched.

Letty had already been aware of it, but seeing it in person, it far
surpassed her imagination.

*I see. It seems that what I knew was completely insignificant… I still
know nothing.*

That, somehow, felt funny.... Or perhaps, exciting.

She let out a soft chuckle out of nowhere.

"Letty-san?"

"Oh, I'm sorry... What is this feeling? All I can do is laugh. Hah, to
think there was something this amazing in the world. ...Maybe I'm
strange for assuming I knew so much..."

It wasn't self-deprecation. She genuinely felt that way. And strangely
enough, such thoughts made her happy.

"Hey, Ellie."

"Yes, what is it?"

"Will you keep going to all sorts of places with me from now on? I think
I’ve grasped that I know nothing. And, you see... I want to learn what I
didn't know. Is that... bad?"

She realized she was being a little cunning. She knew the girl standing
beside her wouldn't refuse such a request.

Still, just a little.

Just a little... she wanted to indulge in some sweetness.

"Letty-san."

"Hm... What...?"

Ellie cleared her throat. Then, unexpectedly,

"What do you mean, stating the obvious? Of course, I'll be with you!
Letty-san is my Master, we're practically bound by fate, you know?
There's no way I'd abandon Letty-san and go somewhere else, there's no
way I wouldn't go where you want to go. I'll follow you even if you say
no, I won't accept any objections, I won't!"

She rattled off in an incredibly fast torrent. The intensity left Letty
dumbfounded.

Once Ellie finished speaking, she gave a smug look of satisfaction.
Letty stared at her face for a while.

Yielding to what welled up from the pit of her stomach, she let out a
soft chuckle.

*Ah, just as I thought.*

She gently took the still-smug Ellie's hand. "...Thank you. I'm glad
you're here with me, Ellie."

She smiled.

"Ffh—"

With a sound like air escaping, Ellie’s face turned bright red and she
collapsed on the spot.

\*\*\*

"That's what I mean, you temptress! Unleashing such a weapon of mass
destruction in front of people is just too cruel!"

Ellie, who had finally recovered but was still trembling, protested.

"Um... is it really that bad?" Letty felt like she was being treated
terribly unfairly. But it wasn't such a bad feeling either.

It was while they were fooling around like this when—

"Oh, excuse me, you over there! You, the one with the black hair!"
Suddenly, a voice rang out.

"...Eh? ...Me?" Looking around, she was the only one with black hair.
Curious, Letty turned towards the voice.

There she saw a man around forty, his brown hair unkempt and tangled. A
scruffy beard covered his face, and his shirt was rumpled. While he
wouldn’t yet qualify as a vagrant, it wouldn’t be a very risky
assumption.

"Yes, you there! Please, would you be my model?!"

"...Eh?" Letty froze, taken aback by the sudden request.

Then, Ellie suddenly stepped between them. "I can't let that go unheard.
If you wish to request Letty-san as a model, please go through me, her
manager!"

"What?! So you are a person of renown after all! I apologize, it’ll be
paid afterward, but I will definitely pay! I absolutely must capture
such beauty in a painting!"

"...Oh ho. You have quite the discerning eye. Let's hear the details."

The conversation proceeded, completely bypassing Letty, the person
directly involved. She watched on, still dumbfounded.

"Ellie... since when did you become my manager...?"

*First of all, what even is a manager?* She could only squeeze in just
that much as irrelevant questions began to surface in her mind.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Her life had been one where her skills were sought after.

She had always believed it would continue to be so.

But what was asked of her now...

Up next: The Painter and His Request

Sometimes, you don't know what kind of face to make.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_034.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_036.md)

