[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_061.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 86: The Emotion of Goodbye

"Matilda, calm down. It's not confirmed yet. It’s true that the
situation does make him the most suspicious, but... jumping to
conclusions is dangerous."

"I know, I know, but..." Matilda nodded, acknowledging Letty's words,
but her body was trembling slightly. "I wanted him to fulfill his life
as a painter. I knew it wasn't good for him as a person, but still, I
wanted him to be satisfied."

Serge, for the past month or so, had looked truly fulfilled. He was so
content and vibrant that one might even feel jealous. Perhaps it had
eroded away at his remaining life, but still, it was no doubt a
meaningful time.

And yet—

"But this isn't right, is it? That was a painting he put his life on the
line for. I can't forgive anyone who would just snatch it away like
that!" A dark and murky passion reared its head. Black flames blazed in
her fixed eyes, accompanying the words she spat out.

It was only natural. She, more than anyone, was wounded by his death.
She had merely been suppressing it with her inherent good sense, and if
that restraint broke…

However, neither Letty nor Ellie seemed capable of stopping her. If
asked if they even wanted to stop her, they would be left at a loss for
words.

If that was the case—

"...Matilda. We feel the same way. So... won't you leave this to us?"

"To you two, you mean... Ah..." She finally seemed to realize something,
her face stunned.

Ellie nodded, "Yes, we are adventurers, after all."

"To investigate... and what comes after that. We can probably handle it
better." Following up, Letty took Matilda's hand.

Like them, Matilda didn't know where to direct her emotions. In that
case, they should take charge and guide them to where they belonged. The
magnitude and type of emotions might be different, but they surely
shared some of them.

Receiving their gazes, Matilda thought for a moment. And after a brief
silence… she nodded.

"Alright... I'm counting on you. Please... please don't let his painting
end like this... It's just too cruel, this, this... for him, who thought
of nothing but painting, for this to be his end..."

Though still nodding, she couldn't lift her head. Ellie gently embraced
her, as her shoulders trembled slightly and Letty squeezed her hand
tightly.

They understood. On that one point, at least, they undeniably shared the
same sentiment.

Him. His painting.

It couldn’t end like this.

"Of course not. He's my master. He's the one who taught me the wonder of
painting. I won't let it end, not like this!"

"Yes. I was only the one being painted... but still, he taught me things
I didn't know. He helped Ellie find something important. It doesn't make
sense for such a benefactor to end up like this."

That's right. Such an end was unacceptable.

Such an end was illogical.

...They couldn't possibly allow it.

Hands squeezed back. They shared warmth. A warmth with a somewhat
maddening distortion to it, but still, it was what the three of them
needed right now.

"Oh... thank you, Ellie-chan, Egret-chan, thank you..."

She was vaguely aware of that distortion, but for now, she could only
cling to it.

\*\*\*

The next day, the priest arrived, funeral preparations were efficiently
made, and the funeral began.

Letty continued to cast search spells until dawn, and in between the
funeral rites, though they were still being repelled. The priest and
other attendees, unaware of this, gathered as usual and attended the
service. Of course, his son Theo cried profusely... but for most adults,
it was a familiar ritual, to varying degrees.

The farewell ceremony was held in Serge's studio. When his body was
placed in the coffin, it was carried by the attendees and transported
away.

This entire sequence of events felt mechanical, somehow, but perhaps in
times like these, such a systematic approach was a blessing, rather than
allowing them to be dragged down by emotions. Letty absentmindedly
considered such things.

The sound of bells drifted from a distant church. Their solemn,
melancholic toll seemed to mourn Serge's death, to beckon him to his
eternal resting place, and to guide the funeral procession. The only
certainty was that they resounded to ensure he would reach that place
without getting lost.

"...Did bells always sound like this?"

"Now that you mention it, I never really paid attention..."

The two exchanged trivial remarks. The bells resonated strangely in
their minds, which felt heavy and dull. It was like an unspoken message
being conveyed.

This journey, this procession, was an extraordinary event within their
ordinary lives. It was as if they were being told that. Unconsciously,
they felt a solemn mood.

Eventually, they arrived at the church. The sky was a clear and
brilliant blue, without a single cloud. Against that backdrop, the
church would normally appear magnificent, but for some reason it felt
solemn and desolate. Perhaps it was because they knew, and were reminded
again, that this was now a place of farewell.

\*\*\*

The funeral procession continued to the graveyard. They proceeded to the
prepared grave, and the coffin was lowered into the dug hole. Finally,
the coffin was opened, and his face peered out.

"Dad... Dad!" Theo couldn't help but burst into tears. Matilda hugged
his body tightly.

"Serge... you really are, you know... Right up until the very end..."
She couldn't say anything more.

The priest, with concern, guided the two slightly away from the spot as
the attendees stood before the coffin, bidding their farewells aloud.
Words of regret overflowed, and tears welled up in the eyes of Matilda,
Theo, Ellie, and Letty.

Then, it was Ellie and Letty's turn.

"Serge... thank you. What you painted for me will surely become
something precious to me."

"Master... Thank you so much! I, I... I will never forget what you
taught me!"

Each of them offered their own goodbyes.

Their words varied, and their thoughts differed slightly.

But still.

The feeling of mourning his death was common to them all.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The sound of the bells ceased. The farewell ceremony ended, and reality
returned.

And so began the harsh days ahead.

It’s surely no sin to wish for a little sweetness in them.

Up Next: A Place Worth Preserving

Sometimes it is a little overbearing.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_061.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

