[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_019.md)



## Chapter 43: No Longer Human

What manifested there was something in human form.

Indeed, its general silhouette was human—in the sense that it had two
arms, two legs, and one head.

But it was undeniably *not human*.

There was no trace of the beautiful woman who had worn a luxurious dress
moments ago; instead, it was a horrifying form that evoked physiological
revulsion.

Its entire body was encased in a gnarled, insect-like exoskeleton.
Numerous thorn-like protrusions jutted from its elbows and knees, and
its widely splayed hands, with their claws, were sharp like oversized
knives and grotesquely hypertrophied.

Most strikingly, its head. A reverse-triangular face resembling a
mantis, two protruding horns, and eyes swollen like compound eyes.

It swiveled its eyes around.

Its gaze settled on Letty, who had delivered the final blow to the
Chancellor.

In an instant—

The spot where Letty had been just moments prior was blown apart as she
sprang sideways.

With another leap, she put more distance between herself and the
aberration, re-gripped her dagger, and eyed it carefully.

"Your Highness, fall back!! Fall back as far as you can, scatter, and
focus only on evasion!"

It was the first time he had heard Letty shout. Understanding the
twofold meaning of her words, Leonhardt immediately reacted.

"Fall back!! All units, retreat!! Disperse and evade based on individual
judgment!!!"

Without taking their eyes off the Queen, the transformed aberration, the
knights hastily retreated and scattered.

No one clung futilely to pride. After all... they couldn't even track
it. Some had barely managed to follow Letty's movements as she leaped
away, but they couldn't follow the Queen as she lunged at her.

*Huf*, *huf*, Letty gasped, forcibly drawing air into her lungs in
short, rapid breaths. If her movements slowed even slightly, she would
be killed. The tension was so palpable it felt physical, and her throat
grew parched.

Slowly. The Queen, who had torn and blown away the floor with her claws,
rose to her feet. She swayed... slowly, very slowly, turning towards
her.

Letty’s heightened senses picked up a sensation, even before sight.
Instinctively, she dove forward with a front roll.

*GROAR!* A heavy sound that could crush the air, and—

*CLANG!* A sound like metal against metal.

The Queen passed right beside where she had front-rolled. As they
crossed paths, Letty struck at her ankle. The blade was repelled by the
exoskeleton.

*That won’t work...* she thought, re-assuming her stance.

The Queen, too, turned around with a *gurrr*, almost as if striking a
pose to flaunt her claws ostentatiously.

One leg wavered slightly.

It wasn't cut. No blood. But that meant—

*...The impact went through? Is the inside still human?*

If so, there was still a chance for victory. Evade, then strike in
passing. A laborious repetition of that, perhaps.

She spun her blade around, reversing the hold. Not to cut, but to strike
with its blunt edge. To deliver an impact. To prevent the blade from
breaking.

The next instant after she re-assumed her stance—

"GYUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!" The aberration roared while glaring at
the insolent being that had slightly wounded its body.

It was a roar like being struck by a mass of mana, felt more acutely by
those who could wield magical power. Her head felt like it was swaying,
and she desperately tried to keep herself together. And then, Letty’s
still-functioning mind registered a cold sensation.

"The feet! Magic, avoid it!!" She yelled, unable even to look away.

A malignant mass of mana was gathering at her feet. As if connecting
heaven and earth, the consequences of which were easily imaginable. Yet,
she was struggling to escape the dense throngs of mana surrounding her.

"AAAAAAAAAA!!!!! SHOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"

Lightning struck the path where she had just dashed, barely dodging.

Where the Prince and knights were, the density of lightning was still
sparse. The Prince felt it and managed to evade it completely. A few
knights also seemed to sense it and managed to dodge. ...Several knights
were struck.

Without time to worry, the lightning continued. She desperately dodged,
fleeing.

"Th-this!!"

Her stance faltered from continuously running from the lightning, and
she felt a presence lunging at her. She deliberately collapsed, rolling.

*Here!*

Letty thrust her dagger towards the spot she felt, and at that moment
there was a *THWACK!* a strong impact.

She desperately resisted the force that threatened to fling her dagger
away, immediately stood up... and felt the moment her eyes met the
inverted aberration. Without thinking, she leaped sideways and fragments
of the shattered floor assailed her.

Ignoring the pain, she landed, immediately dove forward into a roll, and
front-rolled again. Hearing the floor shatter behind her, she leaped and
rolled once more, bringing herself back to her feet.

*Hahh*, *hahh*, she couldn't suppress her ragged breathing.

*Is its left knee moving slightly unnaturally?* She managed to re-grip
her dagger and stared at the aberration. She could still walk, and her
right leg... had enough strength for a leap.

It was lunging. Her body moved before her mind could fully register it.

She leaped sideways and rolled, immediately twisting her body.

The floor shattered, a heavy sound. She threw a dagger towards that
vicinity, where there was a *CLANG*. Perhaps unable to absorb the impact
of its leap with one leg, it had sunk deep into the ground where it
landed. But, as expected, it was light. There was almost no visible
damage.

*Hup!* She took a deep breath. A brief respite, to get some air.

Before she could fully inhale, she blew it all back out, leaping back.
The dagger she extended in passing didn't reach this time.

Letty knew she was in a losing battle. Still, she had no choice but to
continue.

She was still alive. The Prince and the knights were still alive.
Therefore, she could not give up.

With determination in her gaze, she re-adjusted her dagger.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

All is not yet lost.

But the available means are limited.

What then came to mind was...

Up next: The Only Elegant Solution

Though she didn't want to choose it.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_017.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_019.md)

