[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_059.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 84: How a Life Ends

Quite some time after Letty had rushed in, a doctor and a guard arrived.
Perhaps because Letty had gotten so far ahead of them, the doctor was
breathless, and the guard was looking at Letty as if seeing something
unbelievable. In any case, Serge was immediately examined.

During that time, the two girls remained seated on the floor.

"…This is an exacerbation of lung disease, no doubt. I had prescribed
medication, but… unfortunately, he must have had a severe attack." The
doctor, who had been examining Serge's body, announced this while
shaking his head.

Hearing that, the guard also nodded as if to suggest that it was a
reasonable conclusion. There were no external injuries, and the
discoverers were two people close to Serge. Even looking at the scene,
there was no doubt about a death from illness due to a sudden change in
condition.

"Then, it seems he was unlucky to be alone at the time. Well, I will
return and report that. Ah, I'll also contact a priest; there's the
funeral to consider." Saying that, the guard turned back. The doctor
also bid them farewell with a somber expression and left.

And so, only the two remained in the room. They sat by Serge's side
while watching them leave.

And then, silence again.

Absentmindedly gazing at Serge.

After some time, Letty spoke. "...I see, we have to arrange a funeral,
don't we..."

"That's right... I completely forgot about it..." An automatic response.

Their voices were uncharacteristically lifeless, their thoughts
superficial, making it doubtful if they even understood half of each
other's words.

More than anything—

"A funeral... I've never really arranged a proper one, so I'm not sure
what to do..."

"Right... I've only seen quick ones on the battlefield..."

They had seen countless deaths. But those were always in extraordinary
circumstances. Now, facing death in an ordinary setting, they didn't
know what to do next.

They didn't know the proper procedures. However, they knew what they
wanted to do next.

"...First, let's... lay Serge on the bed."

"Yes, that's right, he can't stay on the floor forever."

Slowly, they rose.

The thought of touching him.

Ellie’s heart trembled from that alone.

Suppressing that, she gently lifted Serge's body. For her, who was
stronger than she looked, he should have been light.

He felt heavy.

Was it because he was cold? Was it because his strength had left him? He
felt strangely heavy.

Suppressing the urge to cry again from that weight, she headed to the
bedroom. Letty went ahead, opened the door, turned back the covers, and
laid Serge there. Gently, she covered him with the blanket.

"Should we wipe his fingers clean...?"

"Ah\\... I wonder... I feel like keeping them as they are is more
'him'... But someone might wipe them down anyway."

Such trivial things. A vague sensation, still without a sense of
reality. No, precisely because they were aware of the reality, they were
putting a lid on what threatened to overflow. If they allowed it to seep
out, they weren't confident they could bear it.

"Then, let's leave them as they are... If someone else is going to wipe
them, then we'll just leave them... Since he's so... proud..."

She looked at his face again. He looked proud. Satisfied. That must be a
good thing, surely.

But to be satisfied all alone and to die all alone was unacceptable.
Still, this was his life. If this color was what he had finally grasped,
she couldn't disregard it.

"You're right... What is it with him, really. Why does he look so
satisfied? What were you doing, Master, really?" Ellie laughed,
exasperated. It sounded like a laugh.

...Letty couldn't help but hug her.

She flinched. Then, slowly relaxing, she clung to Letty. Her body
trembled, her emotions so overwhelmed she couldn't even speak.

Just then—

"Egret-chan! Ellie-chan! Serge, Serge, is it true!?" Matilda rushed in
as she shouted.

Without hesitation, she entered the bedroom, saw the two hugging, and
Serge lying on the bed. She looked at his face, and the paint on his
fingers. Her face crumpled.

"You idiot, you blockhead... How dare you look so satisfied... You were
so close, weren't you? You said we'd talk about it tomorrow!"

*Smack!*

A dry sound.

The sound of Matilda hitting Serge's chest was too light, too hollow.

A single sniffle. She looked up at the ceiling and took a deep breath.
Her face, when she turned to the two, was still distorted by tears, and
yet she still—

"You two, this must have been hard for you... a shock, wasn't it? Thank
you, for laying Serge down." Her smiling face was reminiscent of the
painting. When she hugged them both together, it was too much.

"Waaah, oh no! Matilda-san, Matilda-san! Master, Master! Master!" As if
the dam had broken, Ellie once again burst into sobs.

"Matilda…” *Drip, drip.* “I'm sorry, I'm sorry…” *Drip, drip.* “Serge...
Serge..." Letty disjointedly mumbled something akin to a confession,
unable to stop what was overflowing.

Matilda gently accepted all of it.

"Yes, yes... I know, I know... It's alright, I know, it's alright... He
knows too."

Though there was a glint in the corner of her own eyes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The process continued, calmly and dispassionately.

It was a rational system necessary for human society.

But this, this defied reason. Faced with the irrational, the three
women...

Up Next: The Fate of the Painting

And what resided in her eyes.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_059.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

