[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_066.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



## Chapter 91: Noble Etiquette

A silence fell after seeing Leonhardt's smile.

Finally, Ellie spoke. "Um, Your Majesty... are you by any chance angry?"

He replied with a smile. "Yes, you could say I'm livid." A smile so
chilling it made their spines freeze.

Those around them could only fall silent and stiffen.

"...Georg... did you, by any chance, teach His Majesty how to control
his anger?"

"I did, when he was a child. He's mastered it completely."

Georg's wry shrug was likely due to their long acquaintance. Even Ellie
and Letty were intimidated.

Then, after completely dominating the atmosphere, Leonhardt continued to
speak. "Have you heard that this contest is the first to be open to
commoners?"

"Ah, yes,” Ellie nodded. ...Still a bit stiffly. “That's why Master
Serge was trying to apply."

"The reason for that, you see, was to lay a foundation for the next
generation. For a wealthier country."

"A wealthier country? What does that have to do with painting?"

Letty tilted her head in confusion at his seemingly out-of-nowhere
explanation. Seeing this, he gave a slightly amused smile.

"Yes, fortunately, Valandia is a rich country in the sense that no one
starves. Even after my mother and the former prime minister wreaked
havoc, the tax rate readjustment was enough to make sure there was
plenty to go around. So, I thought about what comes next."

"What comes next…"

They understood what he was saying. They had traveled through Valandia
and had seen with their own eyes how few people were going hungry. It
might be even better off than Jurastin, which was also considered a
wealthy country.

"I thought we needed a different kind of richness. As a member of the
royal family, I've received the minimum required education. Including
arts like music and painting. And you know, the richness of the arts
enriches the people. I'm convinced it has that kind of potential. And
that richness should be widely available to all."

His words were calm, or perhaps hesitant, yet filled with a hidden
passion. The escort knights, Georg, Ellie, and even Letty were all
listening intently.

"Naturally, when I opened up the competition, I explained my intentions
in detail to all the relevant parties, especially the nobles in charge
of the arts. That was the plan. And in fact, there were some wonderful
painters among the commoners. However, something was done that tried to
subvert that from the very foundation."

The quiet, passionate monologue took a sudden turn. In a tone of
absolute zero, everyone in the room shuddered at the depth of his anger.

"If it were just a motion against my personal beliefs, I wouldn't mind.
But this, against what I've presented as the direction of the state as
king, could even be called an act of treason."

Everyone flinched at the gravity of the sentence uttered. However, no
one could deny or appease him.

"Furthermore, if it was to cover up the laziness of the nobles who've
been in charge of the arts up until now, then there is no room for
sympathy. For the future of this country, I will pass judgment on the
count and his son."

Coldly, quietly, solemnly. No one could respond to Leonhardt's
declaration.

"So, with that. How to pass judgment, that is the question."

Despite his tone suddenly turning cheerful, the room’s temperature sank
further.

\*\*\*

And so, on the day of the ceremony to announce the contest results—

"Now, everyone, please give him a grand round of applause!"

The announcer's voice boomed. As instructed, he stepped onto the stage.

The gazes and voices of all the people in the venue were filled with
praise. When he waved both hands in response, the applause erupted.

*Yes, this is it. As a noble, this is only right.*

With a brilliant smile, he advanced to the podium.

"I am deeply honored to receive such a prestigious award."

He had practiced the speech, written by his hired writer, to be
delivered with great emotion. The reactions of the audience, some
impressed, some moved, filled him with even greater satisfaction.

"Thank you for your words. Now, I would like to hear from the esteemed
guests."

From there, praises and innocuous questions and answers were repeated.
This, too, was a form of aesthetic. To gain so much honor with so little
effort.

"Now, for one more... Ah, that young lady there, please."

*Oh, a young lady? To show up to such a stuffy place.* His cheeks
relaxed at the sight of the beautiful, intelligent young woman who was
nominated and stood up. *What a sinful man I am, to capture the heart of
such a lady.*

It was at that moment, as he was reveling in his pleasure, that the
young lady who had been staring at him opened her mouth.

"Forgive me for my amateur question." The coldness in her words suddenly
silenced the venue.

"I can see a section in the background of this painting where the
Bouclay¹ and Monel techniques seem to be fused. What was your intention
in daring to combine these two incompatible techniques?"

Complete silence followed the question. Even the supposed painter
himself could not speak.

"It must have been a great struggle to fuse them. What part did you
struggle with the most?"

All eyes were on the young lady as she calmly spun out her questions. On
her profile. Then, a murmur arose from a part of the audience... from
those who could fully see her appearance.

"Th-that is, well, um..."

He had never thought about it. What techniques were used in which part.

*Clack.*

A footstep echoed.

The young lady had taken a step forward.

"Next. The paint used for the lake painted beyond the window. The color
is quite vivid. What kind of paint did you use?"

"A-ah, that, you see, was specially prepared by a friendly art suppl—"

"That color doesn't exist in commercial paints.”

His stammering reply was cut off cleanly. The face staring straight at
him was merciless.

“It's made by grinding a mineral mined in the Dibona Valley and boiling
it with a special liquid."

*That was a color he struggled to create, don't think it's something you
can get so easily*—the sentiment weaved within her words.

Her observations were far from those of an amateur. The emanant passion
contained within her every action had a profound persuasiveness.

Above all—

With every step she took, the murmurs spread.

"You've painted a strong contrast between light and shadow. What was
your aim?"

"Eh, no, that's, well, to, to, to make it eye-catching!"

"That's a very shallow thought. The painting doesn't seem to have such a
frivolous intention."

Yes. It was not something so frivolous. What he had poured into this
painting. She knew it well.

Her sharp gaze, with every frigid word, continued to pierce him
mercilessly.

"What is the location in the background? What lake is this?"

"Th-this is... Quartz Lake, and, well, the location is..."

He realized it belatedly. If the lake was identified, it would be
possible to find out where this place was. If that happened, he would
have no choice but to try and add more layers of deception.

But this was not someone who could be deceived.

While he was panicking, the young lady had already reached the immediate
vicinity of the stage.

*Clack, clack*, her footsteps echoed as she stepped onto the podium.

By that time, the entire venue was filled with hushed tones.

"One more thing.” She ascended the podium, revealing her profile to him
for the first time. “...Who is the model for this painting?"

*Huh?* The count's son looked puzzled, and the audience’s murmuring grew
louder.

"Wh-who... that's a secret, of course... eh?"

He finally seemed to have realized. He compared the profile of the young
lady on the podium with the profile in the painting over and over again.
The moment he connected the pieces, his knees began to tremble.

A sigh of exasperation could be heard.

"I suppose that wasn't the last question after all. Have you ever looked
closely at that painting? Who is depicted there?"

As if that delivered the final blow, he fell to his knees.

The young lady who was questioning him.

That young lady was,

The woman depicted in the painting.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A crime must be atoned for.

But often, the one who commits it doesn't know its weight.

If that's the case, they must be taught.

Up Next: Judgment to be Passed

Without mercy or leniency.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

TN:

¹Bouclay probably refers to François Boucher


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_066.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

