[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_040.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_042.md)



## Chapter 65: More Than Just A Drawing

Partway through, Ellie was left speechless.

A drawing emerged from nothing.

No, it was uncertain if "emerged" was even the right word. It was as if
it had always been there, naturally, as if its existence was simply a
given.

With an unwavering presence and naturalness, it simply *was* there.

"...This was just drawn, right?" Ellie murmured in a daze. It might have
been partly because she was so engrossed in watching, but still, it
hadn't been a long time. It had been completed in the blink of an eye.

"...It's done already? Let me see."

Saying that, Letty also peered in. What was there was—

A beautiful woman, seated by the window, bathed in the soft, afternoon
sunlight.

Her gaze, turned to the side and looking beyond the window, was serene
and distant. Her eyes, capturing something, were strong. Her raven-black
hair, flowing like silk threads, softly danced against her skin made
even fairer by the glimmering sunlight. From her slender chin, her
graceful neck curved down to her delicate shoulders and bosom.

A body so delicate it seemed as if it might break, yet conveying a
strong core; the soft texture of the clothes covering it. Fingers
loosely intertwined, a straight and elegant back, yet showing no
unnecessary tension. A posture that was almost too perfect, yet
perfectly natural.

It was truly...

"...Who is this?"

"What are you saying? It's obviously Letty-san! See, I told you, just
your presence alone is poetic art!"

Letty wanted to deny it. She felt like her face was on fire. This was
undoubtedly embarrassing, mortifying. But she couldn't deny it.

"It's not me, it's this drawing, isn't it...? Even I can tell how
amazing this is..."

Something remarkably similar to herself existed there. However, the
presence, the texture, the compelling power emanating from that
existence. It all felt inexplicably disproportionate and alien to
herself.

"I agree this drawing is amazing, but... Huh?! That's right, Serge-san,
please sell this to me, how much will you sell it for?!"

Ellie frantically rummaged through her satchel. The mithril silver coins
inside—the 200 from before—had been split, so she had 100 to use. *Would
100 be enough?* she wondered, pulling out a leather pouch.

"Huh, no, this is just practice... If you'd like, I can give it to you
after we’re done?"

The artist himself chuckled lightly. From his perspective as the
creator, this was merely practice. The model was the embodiment of
ideal, beyond his expectations, but he had no intention of drawing it
for money.

But precisely because of that, the immense gap in perception left Ellie,
pouch in hand, stunned and frozen.

*Give? What is this man saying? As if he would just give it away for
free?*

*No, more than that.*

"Um, practice? ...This?"

"Yes, that's right? I've only captured one pose of Egret-san, so I still
need to draw a few more."

As expected, that was it. The words her ears caught, and their meaning.
In other words—

"You mean, more artistic masterpieces like this will be drawn!?" She
couldn't help but exclaim.

"Oh, come on, a masterpiece? That's too much. It's just a simple
sketch... I'd like to draw at least three more poses—from the left,
right, and from behind. Is that alright?"

*Simple.*

*This?*

Certainly, the time taken was indeed what one might call "simple."

"Ah, yes... Taking poses isn't a problem, but... this is *simple*..."

Letty felt slightly taken aback. If he started drawing seriously, what
kind of things would be created?

*I want to see*.

Such a feeling began to well up inside her.

"Um, Serge-san! When you're finished, can I have the remaining three
poses, or even more!?" Ellie's voice was extremely desperate.

"Huh? Yes, of course. If this much is good enough, I'll give you as many
as you like." Serge replied calmly, with a relaxed smile.

Ellie was speechless for a moment at the lack of resistance.

"...Are you a god? Were you a god? Being able to churn out such divine
drawings, you must surely be a god..." Before she knew it, she had
clasped her hands together as if in prayer, revering him.

"Wh-what?!” A cry resembling a shriek erupted. “Ellie-san, please stop!
I'm not that great!"

But the look in Ellie's eyes, fixed on Serge, was no joke. It was akin
to the gaze of a devout believer before their chosen deity. The sheer
intensity made him flinch and back away.

Letty watched their comical yet desperate exchange from slightly outside
the fray. Then, she looked at the drawing of herself once more.

"...Perhaps... I've gotten myself mixed up in something incredible?"

This was right after being plunged into the major incident involving the
usurpation of the Kingdom of Valandia’s throne. Yet, she even felt as
though this matter might be even more important.

That's how desperate Ellie was, and how flustered Serge was.

And as she watched the two of them, Letty, uncharacteristically, felt
her heart lift.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

What exists is what exists.

Naturally, it cannot change.

But the world changes depending on who views it. She had never
considered such a thing.

Up Next: What Was Seen There

Perhaps the truth is not just one.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_040.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_042.md)

