[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_043.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_045.md)



## Chapter 68: In the Space of a Single Stroke

*...The shape is like this.*

*This line is like this.*

*No, not like that, it's like this but not quite.*

Trial and error, and hesitation, appeared; lines erased, only to be
drawn again. The lines, vague and human-like, slowly transformed into
the semblance of a human figure.

*Letty-san's face is like this... the eyebrows like this, and the
lips... The eyes, shining like this... more, more... No, a bit too
much...*

The shapes that vaguely resembled a person transformed into Letty's
face. Or at the very least, into a face that could be recognized as
Letty.

"...This is truly astonishing... This is your first time drawing a
portrait, isn't it? And you can draw so accurately already… I don’t know
what else to say, it's truly amazing."

"...Is it? Let me see too."

As Serge spoke with admiration while looking at the canvas, Letty, her
interest piqued, peered over Ellie’s shoulder.

...Indeed, the one there was certainly Letty. A face and body captured
so accurately that she could clearly recognize it as herself. *Mhm,
mhm*, Letty nodded, seemingly satisfied.

"No... this is wrong!" A pained voice, like chewing gravel. Ellie
groaned while glaring at the canvas.

She felt she had certainly captured the form. Though clumsy, the
resemblance to Letty was undoubtedly there.

But it was wrong. The shape was similar, but it was *different*. Yet,
she couldn't put into words *how* it was different. She couldn't express
what went wrong.

"Eh, but... I think this is a good drawing..."

"Ugh... I don't think it's bad, even if I say so myself... But it's
wrong, this is Letty-san, but it's not Letty-san!"

She knew she was speaking incoherently. But she could only describe it
as an inexplicable sense of wrongness.

The shape of Letty she had seen was roughly captured. But the Letty she
had seen was not like this. The sense of life, of expression… none of
that was there.

She couldn't convey it, couldn't express it, couldn't give it form. In
her frustration, she ran her hands through her hair. At that moment—

"...Ah, for example... maybe something like this?" With that, Serge
moved his charcoal. *Swish, swish*, a light sound, light lines, just a
little. Not many were added. It wasn't drawn in detail, and yet...

The two who were watching widened their eyes.

"Huh. ...Huh? ...Wait, what did you just do?"

"EHHHHH?! Yes, YES, that's it, this is it! But how can you do that?!"

The lines Serge drew created the softness of the skin. The drawing,
which had merely resembled an inorganic reproduction of various shapes,
now held warmth. Somehow, they could almost feel the radiance of life
emanating from it.

With her frustration resolved, Ellie abruptly stood up and stared at
Serge. He offered a troubled smile in return.

"Haha, when you ask 'how'... it's experience, observation... a variety
of things. I've accumulated various things, and I see the world as I see
it. And I can render that into lines like this... I can teach you some
of the technical aspects with words, but the most important part is
something you'll have to explore by imitating and observing."

Ellie held her breath as she absorbed his every word. The skills Serge
had just casually demonstrated were surely what he had accumulated over
time. She was grateful to have had the chance to witness it up close.
And she was frustrated that she couldn't fully grasp it all.

Just as one frustration was resolved, another came. Surely, when this
frustration disappeared, the next one would arrive.

"...Serge-san, have you been building up these kinds of things all this
time?"

He nodded. "Yes... Yes, I think so, all this time. I believe I can draw
like this because of all my experiences."

Serge’s eyes were unwavering, yet he too must have his own frustrations.
That's probably why he so desperately asked Letty to model for him.
However, the frustration Ellie was currently feeling seemed to have long
been surpassed by him. His calm yet composed demeanor...

"Master... Serge-san, you really are a Master! I, I... I'm still
lacking, but I'll do my best!"

With determination, she gripped her charcoal. On the canvas, there was a
Letty that she had drawn and Serge had brought to life. It was a great
pity that she hadn’t been able to draw it by herself.

...A very, very great pity.

But this wasn't the end. The sun was still high. She wasn't tired. Her
concentration and motivation felt endless.

It was just the beginning. She would continue to build it up from now
on.

With that resolve, she turned back to her drawing.

This one piece would be unforgettable. She was absolutely certain of it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lines are drawn.

With only black and white, a world is depicted, and it begins to emit
light.

That was the beginning of stepping into this world.

But for now,

Up Next: Do Black and White Make Grey?

It is akin to the bottom of a lightless swamp.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_043.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_045.md)

