[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_018.md)



## Chapter 42: The River Stained Red

*Clang!* *Bang!* The resounding crash of metal on metal echoed.

Roars, screams, war cries.

Meaningful and meaningless howls dominated the battlefield.

Lifeless corpses piled up, a silent and morbid measure of how much time
had elapsed. The suffocating smell of blood gave the illusion that even
the river surface was stained red.

This hell, where human lives were senselessly squandered, continued.

The First Knight Order surged forward with their numbers... or rather,
they desperately clung to the attack, despite being met with resolute
resistance that swept them aside. Yet, as time wore on, casualties
mounted, and the logic of numbers began to assert itself.

The barricade was half-destroyed, and if they let their guard down, the
enemy would infiltrate through the gaps. Georg himself had already cut
down several foes while commanding the defense. The front line had
thinned to that extent.

"We're out of arrows, Commander!!"

"Tch, is it finally happening?! Both flanks, converge on the center!
Reinforce the front line, switch places and have them fall back!"

A change of positions during active engagement was not easy. However,
the Third Knight Order's high level of training allowed them to force it
through. The knights who had been holding the front line struggled,
barely managing to retreat to the rear.

"Sorry, Commander..."

"You did well. Everyone, drink water, put something in your mouth!
...I'm sorry. I can't give you much rest."

The fresh knights, though less fatigued than those who had been enduring
the front lines, were still tired. They had repeatedly drawn, aimed, and
fired heavy crossbows. Accumulation of fatigue was natural. The tide was
beginning to turn.

"Listen up, you bastards! Since the arrows are gone, it's all guts from
here on out! Hold your ground with guts!!!"

Georg shouted encouragement before grabbing a long spear himself and
plunging into the front line. The front line's morale temporarily surged
with the Commander's arrival while the First Knight Order flinched under
the aura of Georg's furious spear.

...However, he knew it wouldn't be much longer. Until he was wounded, or
his stamina ran out, that was all.

And yet, he fought fiercely, unwilling to let the efforts of his
subordinates, who had overcome such an overwhelming difference in
strength, go to waste.

"...How pathetic, Georg! A commander of your standing covered in blood
and mud!!"

At some point, Oscar had approached quite closely. Seeing that the end
was near, he must have come for the final push.

"Shut up, you! I don't want to hear that from a pretty-faced scoundrel!"

While exchanging banter, Georg thrust down two enemies. Their casualties
had likely exceeded 50.

The front line, nearly halved since the battle began, was reinforced by
the converging flank units. The damage inflicted on the enemy already
easily surpassed 300, but there was no end in sight.

*Is this the end? No, not yet!* He shook his head, pushing away such
thoughts and re-gripping his spear. At that moment—

"...Huh? What, a dust cloud...?"

In the distance, a group could be seen approaching, kicking up dust. The
orderly formation of horses, matching armaments, and flags fluttering in
the wind were—

"Th-the Third Knight Order! Reinforcements for the Third Knight Order!!"

"What?! Why? I received no such report!!"

At the shouts, the First Knight Order wavered. Their numbers were
approximately 700 cavalry—almost all of the knights they had left
behind. Georg and his men, not missing the weakened pressure caused by
their turmoil, immediately launched a counter assault, attempting to
regain their footing, but—

"Don't panic!! From that direction, this can be used!!"

As Oscar raised his staff, cries of relief came from the First Knight
Order, and from the Third Knight Order—

"Damn it, stop it!! Stop it, Oscar!!! Don't you guys come here!!!
STOOOOOOOP!!!!" Georg yelled a cry that surely wouldn't reach, drowned
out by the din of battle.

Oscar, casting a sneering look at Georg, turned to face his rear. "This
time, I'll show you its power! *Staff of the Thunder Emperor*!! Heed my
call, and wield your might!!!"

The power that had been wielded twice before was about to be wielded a
third time.

...

.........

............It should have been.

"Why?! It worked just a moment ago! Why not now?!"

Oscar was more agitated than ever by the staff's failure.

*No way.* Georg involuntarily looked back towards the royal castle.

"Ha, hah! Hahahahaha!! She did it, Ellie-chan really did it!! What a
huge accomplishment!!"

A laugh, unfittingly cheerful for the situation, echoed. Of course, it
was Georg's.

"What, what are you saying, you bastard! What are you talking about, who
is that?!"

"Well, 'who,' you ask... She's our trump card, our absolutely adorable
little girl!!"

His face, stained with blood and mud, split into a grin, his eyes
gleaming. Oscar inadvertently took a step back, intimidated by Georg's
intensity.

"Adorable little girl, you say...? Don't, don't be ridiculous! Someone
like that, capable of such a thing?!"

"Haha, it's the truth, admit it. Yes, something like that happened."

He paused, then swept his gaze around.

...He took in the dazed, confused faces of the First Knight Order, who
had stopped fighting and advancing.

"In other words, your prized *Staff* is useless now!” He shouted, first
to Oscar, then to the knights of the First Knight Order. “...Hey, listen
up, you guys! Your Commander can no longer wield the power of that
*Staff*!!!!"

Oscar's face twisted in frustration, and the knights looked bewildered,
as if to ask, "What?"

"Don't you get it?! He can't kill you anymore!! He can't drive you
toward us anymore!!"

At the very front line, among the knights of the Third Knight Order who
still exuded a bloodlust like cornered beasts, Georg's knowing smirk was
visible.

One by one, the knights of the First Knight Order lowered their swords.

"What are you doing?! Fight, fight! Argh, you cowards!!"

Oscar, though he had come forward, was still quite a distance behind,
yelling and reaching for his sword. But he was met only with cold
stares.

"...With the Prince taking the throne now, Oscar, you'll be the traitor,
won't you?” In the momentary, stifling silence, a devil's temptation was
quietly whispered. “Don’t you realize how high the price on your head
will be?"

At that invitation, the knights’ gazes sharpened.

"Wh-what... You guys, what are you...? No, no, stop it, stop it! Killing
a superior officer means hanging!"

"Don't worry, I'll put in a good word to His Highness for ya!!"

That was all it took.

The knights surged towards Oscar.

\*\*\*

Without even waiting for the outcome—

"Horn! Three times, two times, three times, one time! Repeat three
times!!!"

Following the instruction, a horn was blown.

Seemingly hearing it, the reinforcing knights stopped their advance,
maintaining their position threatening the First Knight Order's rear.
The horn could be interpreted as:

*Maintain distance from the enemy and stand by; prohibit actions other
than counter-attacks.*

This command, with its meaning universally understood within the Royal
Army, also reached the First Knight Order. Seeing that they were not
being attacked, they began to surrender one after another.

"To think I'd actually survive this..."

Georg slammed the butt of his spear into the ground, leaned on it, and
let out a huge breath. He shook his head, then looked back at the royal
castle. A slight expression of relief crossed his face.

"...Huh?"

Though immediately after, a rising unpleasant feeling made his face
scrunch up.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

What was there was something that was once human.

When did it stop being human? No time for such thoughts.

Dodge, evade, roll. Uglily, shamefully.

Up next: No Longer Human

If there is a glimmer of light beyond that.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_016.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_018.md)

