[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_076.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_078.md)



## Chapter 101: Making Up for What’s Missing

The clattering of wheels.

The gentle clopping of hooves.

Once everything was settled, they dug a hole to bury the bodies, and the
surviving bandits who were too injured to move were tied up and thrown
onto the cart. They were to be handed over to the proper authorities to
receive their due judgment, likely either hanged or sentenced to hard
labor as criminal slaves. In any case, they wouldn’t be able to live a
decent life going forward.

It was their own fault, and no one there felt any sympathy for them. In
fact, one person even expressed annoyance, declaring there was no need
to be so generous.

"I checked out the guys you cut, and you go for the neck too much. It's
because you're weak, so you only aim for soft vital spots, right? That
won't do you any good. If they're even a little skilled, they'll figure
you out right away."

Her voice resonated clearly above the sound of the wheels. She was
right, so Letty had nothing to say to her blunt criticism.

Dominique was seated in the driver's seat of the carriage while Letty
rode beside her on her horse and Ellie trailed a little behind. To most
it was a peaceful journey, but Letty felt uncomfortable.

"If they’re skilled, they might even lure you into aiming for the neck
and then counterattack. In fact, that's what I'd do if I were fighting
you seriously. Of course, that's assuming I could block your first
strike. There probably aren't many people who can do that, which is why
you've managed until now... Am I right?"

"Well, I have no argument against that..."

She felt a sense of defeat, with no strength to argue, after having her
fighting style picked apart so accurately from just the wounds she had
inflicted and her demeanor.

In the past few months, she had met two people who could block her first
strike. She had managed to defeat them, but the second one was just a
matter of luck. That experience still remained as a knot in her chest.

"If you're fine with being as you are now, then that's that. But your
situation has changed, hasn't it? Oh, don't worry, I won’t pry."

She seemed to have figured out Letty's true identity. And from her
conspicuous act of helping them, she seemed to have figured out
something else as well. Letty felt that Dominique had the upper hand,
not just in swordsmanship but in something more important.

"I won’t say you’re wrong, but... can your sword techniques really
change that?" Letty could improve her technique, but… *Won’t my lack of
strength be a limiting factor?*

“A good question!” Dominique smiled confidently. "Well, I won't say I
can fix everything, but I can help you with most of it. I'll show you
something interesting at our next break, so look forward to it."

Letty felt that she had been reeled in, but she couldn't deny her own
curiosity about what Dominique was going to show her.

\*\*\*

"Alright, muscles, are you ready?"

"Ah, yeah... but what are you going to do?"

A while later, they stopped for a break by the side of the road.
Dominique began speaking to one of the guards, and a strange scene
unfolded—

A heavily armored warrior in plate mail was holding a sword with both
hands, one confiscated from the bandits, as if presenting it. Dominique
was standing in front of him with a cheerful smile. The guards, the
merchants, and Letty and Ellie, of course, had gathered around,
wondering what was about to happen.

"Well, that's for you to find out. We've got a good crowd, so let's
begin," She said, then smoothly drew her sword without a sound. A few
people, including Letty, felt a shiver down their spine at just that
action. "Now then, muscles, hold on tight, okay?"

"O-okay, I don't get it, but okay!" The warrior, feeling an immense
pressure just by standing in front of Dominique, replied nervously.

Dominique nodded once and then took a step forward. She lightly raised
her sword as if it were as light as a feather. Then, she swung it down
nonchalantly, precisely, and smoothly.

There was a sense of dissonance, as if everything had been perceived in
the past tense. A faint *whoosh* from the air seemed to belatedly follow
after the action.

And then.

There was a high-pitched metallic shriek.

"Huh? W-what the heck is this?!"

The first to react was the man holding the sword. It was no wonder he
shouted; the sword in his hand had been cleanly sliced in half.

The smooth cut surface, not a jagged break, proved that it had been cut.
Even a dull sword used by a bandit was still made of iron. But it had
been sliced through cleanly.

"Well, well, I seem to be in good form today. Muscles, one more, please.
This time, hold it vertically."

"Huh? Ah, okay...? Wait, you're not done yet!?"

Despite being flustered, he prepared another sword vertically as she had
asked. It was a shocking sight, but true to his name as a warrior, he
couldn't help but be excited by the skill he had just witnessed. He
braced himself with noticeably more enthusiasm than before.

"This strike has a lower success rate than the vertical one, but...
well, if it works out, that’s a bonus."

A horizontal strike released with a sharpness that belied her laid-back
attitude. A metallic shriek rang out once again.

And once again, the iron sword was sliced in two. The merchants made a
ruckus, and the guards were left speechless.

Between the backdrop of cheers and silence, Dominique turned to Letty
with a triumphant grin. "What do you think? I can make you able to do
something like this."

Though left speechless, Letty could feel her heart trembling at the
sight and the skill she had just witnessed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

People come and go, meet, and part.

This city, where people from three countries intermingle, is a place of
unique encounters.

It is for this reason that certain expressions can be seen.

Up Next: The Trading City of Cordoba

And that is where the road diverges.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_076.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_078.md)

