[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_060.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_062.md)



## Chapter 85: The Fate of the Painting

While Matilda was comforting the two, a priest whom the guard had spoken
with arrived. He made a sign over the reclining Serge and offered a
prayer. He then began to explain the necessary steps and preparations
for the funeral.

While he was undoubtedly accustomed to this, his remarkably formal
demeanor left a strange impression on Letty.

*Perhaps it doesn’t mean much to him?*

She thought this inwardly. Immediately, she shook her head slightly,
thinking, *Of course it wouldn’t.* She herself had been that way, after
all.

*Is this, then, retribution?* She found herself thinking something
completely unconnected.

"...Then, the funeral will be held tomorrow. Please take ample time
today to bid farewell to the deceased." He bowed deeply, speaking
dispassionately. The evident detachment once again crept into her
thoughts.

"Thank you, I'll contact his acquaintances..." Matilda replied, bowing
deeply in return.

Though separated, she was his ex-wife, and she couldn't avoid arranging
the funeral for Serge, who had no next of kin. Following her lead, Letty
and Ellie also bowed their heads.

\*\*\*

After the other minor arrangements were concluded, the priest left
quickly. The three remaining people sighed in unison, as if by
arrangement.

"...Somehow, being in this position... it really makes you feel it,
doesn't it..."

"Yes... And it feels strangely systematic..."

Unaccustomed to such matters, the two complained with subtly somber
expressions.

Truthfully, by this point, the initial shock of finding Serge had
considerably eased. The impact of being mechanically presented with what
needed to be done, leaving no time for sentimentality, was not
insignificant.

"Well, that's how it is with these things, you see. If you let yourself,
you could grieve endlessly. Then people wouldn't be able to move on to
tomorrow... So, I suppose these kinds of systems are necessary."

Matilda, who was somewhat more accustomed, had a wry smile. The two
gazed at her for a while.

"...Matilda, you seem quite calm... Could it be, you knew something?"
Letty's tone held a hint of suspicion.

Having reached the same conclusion Ellie nodded in agreement. Even
Matilda could only raise both hands in surrender.

"Well, you know... His illness had worsened, and he might not have had
long... He intended to tell both of you, too. Yes, he said he was going
to tell you tomorrow. ...But for this to happen right before that,
there's nothing we can do..."

She gently patted Serge's head. Much, much more gentle than usual.
Looking at Serge's face left her at a loss for words.

Silence dominated the room for a while. Eventually, she spoke again.
"Well, it's just like him. He was the kind of person who put his life
into his painting. Though, putting his life into it for real is another
matter."

She chuckled wryly, then suddenly shifted her gaze. *Hm?* she thought,
her expression turning suspicious.

"Matilda-san, is something wrong?" Ellie, curious, asked.

"No, well, you see.” Matilda looked around several times, then tilted
her head. “...I don’t see that painting..."

"...Eh... Ah, now that you mention it..."

"Eh, what?! Master's painting!?"

For a moment, they exchanged glances. In the next instant, they
scattered, frantically scouring the studio for the painting.

"It's not here... it's not here! Why, why!?"

"Oh no... his last painting, too!"

Not just Ellie, but Matilda too, frantically searched with a pale face.
But it wasn't found. ...No one suspected that it couldn't be found.

Letty, who had been searching with a similar fervor, suddenly stopped as
if coming to a realization. "Wait, I'll try searching with my magic."

"What?! Egret-chan, you can do that!?"

"Oh, that's right, Letty-san!"

The two looked at Letty with intense, pleading gazes. Though momentarily
overwhelmed by their pressure, she took a breath to calm herself. As
usual, she began to chant the spell.

Though she hadn't *marked* it, it was a painting she had been involved
with for so long, and with such emotional investment. She was confident
she would be able to locate it with a search spell.

...But.

"It was repelled? ...No way." Letty’s eyes widened in shock, causing
Ellie and Matilda to look up in surprise.

"Eh, repelled, what does that mean?!" As Ellie pressed closer, Letty
turned to her with a troubled face.

"It's probably either enchanted with a spell to interfere with search
magic, or it's within a barrier that blocks magic..." Letty continued to
explain. However, halfway through, she gasped, as if struck by a
possibility.

"What is that? Why would something so elaborate... so elaborate...?"

"Yes, there’s probably... there's a high possibility they intended to do
that from the beginning. There's also a chance that it was added to an
anti-magic barrier prepared for another purpose, but..."

"In any case, that means the culprit is someone who can prepare such a
thing, right?! Unforgivable... It's unforgivable! To go that far, just
for Master's painting!"

Following Letty’s train of thought, Ellie ground her teeth.
*Frustrating. Unbearably frustrating*. An injustice she couldn't
possibly forgive.

Of course, Letty and Matilda felt the same, but Matilda was slightly
calmer.

"Wait a moment. Does that mean the enemy knew the value of that
painting?"

"Eh, yes, that would be it, wouldn't it...? ...Wait... was he painting
in front of *him*?" As Matilda muttered, Letty blinked several times
while drawing her own conclusion. As she processed the implications, her
face became indescribable.

"So, someone who knew the painting's value, and who was acquainted with
Master... that means..."

"The art dealer who had Serge paint forgeries?"

At the deduction, the two exchanged glances. Then, they looked at
Matilda.

"Serge's art dealer was named Mardani. I've seen his face too."

*If I were asked whether he was the kind of person to do something so
audacious...* She thought about it for a while.

"He just might do it. If it's really him... I'll never forgive him..."

With that, Matilda’s previous composure vanished. A dark, shadowy flame
flickered in her fixed eyes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The sound of bells rings out.

It is the sound of farewell. Or perhaps of lament.

And the sound that announces death. Listening to it, what the girl
thinks about is...

Up Next: The Emotion of Goodbye

She will learn its meaning anew.


---
[TOC](../readme.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Prev](index_split_060.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Next](index_split_062.md)

